David S. Kong: We do… is there.
Tim Sackton: Oh, and Schwartz, if you want to share music, if you just click on share, you can share computer audio.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I did not prep music, unfortunately. So, next time, next session.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Thought about it, but did not get to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, here we go! This is very exciting. It's been a minute since I've DM'd a game.
David S. Kong: Wait, really quick, sorry, so sorry.
David S. Kong: If you like, I can also just, like, you know, vibe out some, like, potentially interesting ambience something or other, just to give a little, you know, taste underneath it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can someone, like, throw on some Legends of the Fall?
David S. Kong: Perfect.
Tim Sackton: I got it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Awesome.
David S. Kong: It's just a little something, a little something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just to get it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's gonna be a lot of, like, sort of golden hour energy in the first bit.
David S. Kong: of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, cause it's all going great.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why would it not be?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, we're recording. Tim, you can send me a transcript afterwards.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cool.
Tim Sackton: I'll do better than that, I'll send you the fully processed
Tim Sackton: Agenic pipeline outputs that included a transcript and an automatically generated session recap for you to edit.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, cool.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Please.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Here we go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We're gonna pick up in…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Progress.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Got it.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yes. Awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, the group of the five of you, and we'll get into each of you in a minute, and recap and reintroduce and recall those backstories that we started getting into last time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the group of the five of you were recruited in Tolin, by a,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A small, nondescript man who described himself as the agent for a minor lord who had just come into a piece of property, and needed a group of adventurers to, make sure it was safe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And was a little vague about the details, but generous about the compensation.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It seemed to the group of you Both, like, a good opportunity… Maybe, like.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: easy money or something straightforward. After all, how comp…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How complex can it be to look in the basement of an old house?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And also the opportunity to get into a part of the world that you hadn't been before. I'm sort of headed west from Toland up and into the hills.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You've been at this for a few days now, traveling with him.
Mike Sackton: Can you just turn down the music a tiny bit?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): His name is Alden, and your impression is that this is a deeply boring person. Like, this is… this is a sort of a professional servant or butler, someone who's been…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: hired to…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): serve a person who's come into money. He hasn't worked for this, Lord, for very long.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Hmm.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In any case, He's not
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the most exciting thing that's… that's going on. Over the course of a few days of travel, you've headed west,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And you're camped in an increasingly wild, increasingly old.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: wood.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For the night, And, Alden thinks that you'll get there by sunset tomorrow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But around the campfire tonight, this'll probably be the last night together before you get there and things get started.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And so, before all of that begins, can you introduce each of yourselves over dinner? And then I've got, besides, sort of, descriptions, remind us of your connections with each other.
Tim Sackton: So… Charo.
Tim Sackton: is a… Sitting around the campfire at dinner,
Tim Sackton: It's a 6'3 or so lizardfolk.
Tim Sackton: young man, you know, pale green scales.
Tim Sackton: Sort of fading into yellowish around his neck, and… And lower jaw.
Tim Sackton: Sitting, with… His…
Tim Sackton: like, cloak cast back. He doesn't wear particularly fancy clothes, but he's got a cloak, he's got a little bird pin on it. And he's slowly…
Tim Sackton: Cleaning some fish that he caught, and some trout from a nearby stream, prepping them for the grill.
Tim Sackton: For the fire.
Tim Sackton: M.
Tim Sackton: He's not, he doesn't carry much with him, he's got his, you know, he's got his pack.
Tim Sackton: to the side… But otherwise…
Tim Sackton: You know, not, he does have a wooden shield that has, like, a painted…
Tim Sackton: design of… of three songbirds in a little… on, like, a little, bush on the front, but,
Tim Sackton: Nothing fancy. I was just looking around at all of you, who he's been traveling with for…
Tim Sackton: Hmm, I guess a few years now.
Tim Sackton: You know, kind of looking, basically asking who wants fish as he's prepping his catch.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, no.
Mike Sackton: you, Darren.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I missed something at the beginning, is he, like, species-wise?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Lizardfolk. Lizardfolk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, good, I did miss that.
Mike Sackton: How did he… I'm just trying to remember how we kind of came together as a party.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so… Charo… Matt…
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a good name.
Tim Sackton: Tarek and…
David S. Kong: I have a name now.
Tim Sackton: What's your name?
David S. Kong: Kaito Min.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did not… it did not occur to me how much Tarek sounds like Eric.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's ridiculous.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anyway.
David S. Kong: Well, all of our characters are all weird versions of ourselves, anyway, so that's the, you know…
Eric Rosenbaum: It's true.
Tim Sackton: So… Maybe 3-4 years ago, tarek and Kaito… Saved.
Tim Sackton: Charo's from…
Tim Sackton: I actually never decided exactly what.
Tim Sackton: Oh, tree blights. I wrote.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
David S. Kong: What's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: shings.
David S. Kong: What is Tree Blites?
Mike Sackton: They're like.
Tim Sackton: Whites are, like, little haunted trees.
David S. Kong: That sounds fun.
Tim Sackton: He… Charo has… like, he never really fit in with his…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Grew up outside of…
Tim Sackton: Tolin, in a small lizard boat village along the Greywash, but he never… never really fit in. He liked animals more than people. So he'd travel, he'd wander a lot.
Tim Sackton: and… You know, get into some trouble a little bit.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: experiment with magic.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But…
Tim Sackton: when he was far from, you know, several days upriver from Toland a few years ago.
Tim Sackton: He was surrounded by tree blights, ran… outmatched, but… rescued by… Kaito and Taker.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, Taric.
Tim Sackton: And he was just like, I'm gonna… sure, I'll help you.
Tim Sackton: I don't have anything else to do.
Tim Sackton: And he's basically been just kicking around with them since.
David S. Kong: So,
David S. Kong: By the way, I just decided, I think I'm gonna change, from sleight of hand to investigation to sleight of hand, so you teach me how to do that? I was just like, what is my character doing around the fire? Oh, he's slowly fidgeting, and, like, doing weird, like, fucking things in his hands.
David S. Kong: So, Kaito, Kaito Min, and some people call him Kaito, some people call him Min, depending on, like, anger levels, like…
David S. Kong: You know, if he's wronged them in some way, and or, you know, friendship level, etc.
Mike Sackton: Which is… which is which?
David S. Kong: It totally depends. Some people just… it's whatever, like, you like screaming when you're, like.
Mike Sackton: Right, okay, I see. Right, right, right, right.
David S. Kong: Kiddo! Poor men! You know, it's more, more like whatever, you know, whatever you feel like yelling at.
Mike Sackton: It's not like one of them is less preferred by him.
David S. Kong: No, no, no, it's equal opportunity. You've all been in situations where it's like, his name has been screamed, and he starts running down the street, and you're like, whoa, okay, he's just running again.
David S. Kong: Kaito… Kaito is, is, kind of sitting, you know, very fidgety. He's, like, always kind of, like, a little fidgety, like, always, like, a little, like, scratching himself, or, like, playing with something, and, you know, like, right now he's got, like, some, some, you know, Tolin, gold coins that he's just, like, kind of absently, like, fiddling with, and…
David S. Kong: Kaito… Kaito usually is wearing, like.
David S. Kong: He's got on right now this, kind of,
David S. Kong: red… Tolin red, robe. Very nice. Like, very, very nice, like, gold… gold, embroidered with, you know, some really interesting patterns and design on it. It's a little dirty from the road, and he doesn't seem to mind, but, you know, he's definitely, you know, looks…
David S. Kong: He's wearing a very nice, nice, you know, red, red robe and, you know, some clean…
David S. Kong: some, some, he's not wearing his armor right now. It has this… has, you know, silver… silver hair, but also, like, kind of, it's like this, like, it's, like, peppered with gold. It's, like, silver-golden, kind of woven hair, and long, but, like, tied back right now into a,
David S. Kong: into,
David S. Kong: What's that? It's like a ponytail, like, you know a ponytail. Like a… with a little golden braid. And, you know, fair skin, sharp green eyes, like a little… a couple of, like, scars, like, by his eye, you know, just, like, cutting through his eyebrow.
David S. Kong: A very good-looking elf, like, very good-looking elf, but also, like, you know, just… just never seems to be at peace, and is always, like, a little, like, something. Always, like, something, like, a little on his mind, something always a little, like, bothering him, a little fidgety.
David S. Kong: And .
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: When Charo offers the fish, you know.
David S. Kong: Kaito immediately is like, yes.
David S. Kong: Yes, I need one of those. And he's always… and he's also, you know, he's got his… he has a,
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: What the…
David S. Kong: Dulcimer is like a… is that, like, a big instrument?
David S. Kong: That is, right? So that one's not out, but he also has, like, a, what's, like, a small, like, string instrument? It's not like a ukulele, but it's like a.
Tim Sackton: Like a loot?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Loot, perfect, yeah.
David S. Kong: So, you know, he always… his loot is, like, almost always, like, strapped around him, so he's just, like, kind of alternating between fidgeting with these, like, kind of coins that he's, like, got in his hands, and then, you know, just, like, absentmindedly, like, stringing, you know, playing his loot slightly. But then otherwise, it's just, like, yeah, fish.
David S. Kong: Fish sounds good. Charo, you're good at the fish thing, I'm glad we're doing fish.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tarek is, hard to put your finger on.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: He's… you glance away, he's gone some of the time, or shows up somewhere you didn't expect, he's…
Eric Rosenbaum: Very quiet. He's a small human.
Eric Rosenbaum: He looks like a street kid who also thinks he's the emperor, you know, he's,
Eric Rosenbaum: He's got a dirty mop of dark hair, but he's wearing a thin gold necklace.
Eric Rosenbaum: And,
Eric Rosenbaum: What appeared to be very high-quality clothing that has been fairly well taken care of, but beaten up because he wears it every day.
Eric Rosenbaum: He…
Eric Rosenbaum: He loves to think of himself to appear, to speak, and act aristocratic, but he is, in fact, always broke.
Eric Rosenbaum: And… he's always taking… And always giving at the same time.
Eric Rosenbaum: For instance, in this moment, he… Flips one of his daggers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Carelessly in the air, it appears to be hurtling point down towards his palm, when suddenly it
Eric Rosenbaum: snaps into place, but you notice it's one of Kaito's coins and not the dagger at all. And where did the dagger go?
Eric Rosenbaum: He flicks it back. This happens all the time.
Eric Rosenbaum: and, he appeared interested in… in a meal.
Eric Rosenbaum: As always.
Mike Sackton: The… is there a story of how Tarek and Kaito met? You guys were the first two who… who… who…
Mike Sackton: Know each other, right?
David S. Kong: Well, I was just gonna say, this is, like, so common, like, around the campfire, like, Kaito and Taric, it's like this, like, yeah, like, coins will disappear, like, Kaito's, like, asinately, like, and then, like, there's, like, sort of, like, a, like, fucking with each other and one-upping each other, but then there's also just, like, full-on routines that are, like.
David S. Kong: Fred, and, like, known and practiced, and rehearsed, just, you know, like…
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, Kaito is often the distractor.
Eric Rosenbaum: And Tarek is the pickpock.
David S. Kong: Oh, 10 million percent, yeah, this is like, and everybody's like, oh shit, I'm so amazed, what an amazing show. And I definitely tipped, but I don't remember tipping that much, but also, I'm fine with it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, right.
David S. Kong: How did we meet? How did we meet? Did we come up with how we met?
Eric Rosenbaum: We didn't.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you're… You were both in Tolin, right?
David S. Kong: Well, I'm a carny, right? Like, like, like, Kaito's definitely been… Oh, right.
Mike Sackton: How old is Kaito? Are you, like, a young elf, or a…
David S. Kong: Oh, dude, I don't know what… what's the deal with Elves in age again? Like, how does this shit work?
Tim Sackton: So, you can be…
David S. Kong: I'm so stoked to be an elf, this is so fucking awesome.
Mike Sackton: You can be, like… there's only… there's only a certain set of ages you can be, but you could be, like.
David S. Kong: I'm a young, young alpha.
Mike Sackton: young.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: That would be, like…
Mike Sackton: That would be, like, the generation dealt with mist, basically. Like, 100 or 75, I don't remember exactly, but…
David S. Kong: Like, yeah. Oh, oh my god.
Mike Sackton: Or since the Great War, like, new, like, recent, not like… not like old, not like… I mean, that's…
David S. Kong: I think getting close to 100 feels good. Like, why not? Let's call it 99.
Mike Sackton: I mean, there's a specific age you'd have to be based on the elven generation.
David S. Kong: We're all born at the same time.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, we came out with a fresh, fresh batch, whatever.
David S. Kong: It's a litter, like, elves are litters. I forgot about that. Okay.
Tim Sackton: But… but you'd be… so you'd be a little bit more… well, it's… elves… the way elves count ages is weird, because you would have been born, like, around 16, 27, so you'd be, like, a hundred and…
Tim Sackton: 20-ish? Perfect, yeah. But some fraction of that first 50 years of your life, you're just dreaming and sleeping. Cool. So whether you count that or not.
David S. Kong: But really quick, how did Tarek and I meet? Tarek, how did we meet? Like, what were you doing in Toland? Like, I ended up here, and then I just kind of got into the Kearney life and whatever.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am on a particularly desperate night.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tried to steal your loot.
David S. Kong: Hell yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But you caught me somehow, which I still don't know.
David S. Kong: Yes, I…
Eric Rosenbaum: And then insisted to make it a few that I… I steal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Somebody's wallet who was just leaving.
David S. Kong: Hell yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: We realized.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, kind of fast friends, that makes… this is perfect. That's great. And how long have we been doing this?
David S. Kong: At least a year. How old is your character?
Eric Rosenbaum: I imagine him being, like, a…
Eric Rosenbaum: Like, 20 or something like that.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay, so we've been doing this for maybe, like, a year, maybe two, like, most.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Perfect.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So…
Mike Sackton: At Drek.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: is a big guy. He's, like, 6'6", big muscles, like, blank.
Mike Sackton: Thick arms, thick legs, like, broad shoulders, very strong.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Kinda…
Mike Sackton: You know, sort of ill-capped blonde hair.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: His face is just, like, not quite…
Mike Sackton: like, I don't know, his nose is like… like, he's kind of ugly, right? Like, he's not… he can't, like, pull off Hansen, right? Like, his… his nose is a little misshapen, and his jaw's a little too big, and, like, he just… he doesn't… he doesn't, like…
Mike Sackton: he doesn't really come across as, like, a handsome guy at all, right? He tends to not really care about his clothes and run… wear, sort of, care more about comfort than decoration, and so he's wearing, you know…
Mike Sackton: He has, like, a heavy black woolen cloak that he kind of pulls over himself. I don't know what season it is.
Mike Sackton: Schwartz, do you have any idea?
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It is fall, it is deep into fall.
Mike Sackton: So he probably has this, like, heavy woolen cloak that he's pulling over himself for warmth a little bit, right? You know, and he has, like.
Mike Sackton: Rough.
Mike Sackton: woolen trousers, and yeah, he's not, like, a mess, like, he keeps himself clean, he's not, like, a slob or anything, but he clearly doesn't care that much about his clothes,
Mike Sackton: But he has this suit… he has this… this suit of, like, half-plate armor, so, like, he almost always wears it. It's always shining, in the center, like, on the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: sort of chest is 6 stars, like, etched somehow into the armor, like, they glow just a little bit.
Mike Sackton: It's the… it's the holy symbol of the Night Queen.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So there's…
Mike Sackton: it's like 6 stars, kind of, in a… in a framing, like, in a circle. Like, like, almost like you're looking down… it's like if you're looking down at a crown.
Mike Sackton: if you're looking down at a six-pointed crown where the points were stars, it would sort of… it would sort of have that look. And… I mean, you've seen sort of magic emanate off this armor, right? Like, he's occasionally, like, one time when you're fighting undead, and his armor, like, threw up this, like.
Mike Sackton: Magical protection, and the undead had a hard time hurting him.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, he carries a big, heavy, two-handed maul, like, that's his main weapon, is, like, this huge hammer, that he carries around. But he also has axe, like, two axes on his belt, usually. You see him take out a sling.
Mike Sackton: you know, he's… he's, he's kind of quiet.
Mike Sackton: And he tends to…
Mike Sackton: let other people talk and take the lead and things like that. But he's very… he's very nice, he… he's… he's sort of…
Mike Sackton: talks a lot about compassion and sort of… he doesn't seem to care that much about money. He's always giving out coins to beggars and… and, you know…
Mike Sackton: Whatever comes, you sort comes and goes, right? Like, he's… he's not really,
Mike Sackton: he doesn't really care about possessions very much. He has a pony, so there's, like, a pony with him, that's been called, you know, and there's, like, a…
Mike Sackton: He has, like, all this, like, gear, you know, an iron pod, and a shovel, and rope, and, like, just, like, mundane stuff, mostly, but he seems to care about having, like, being self-sufficient and, you know, being able to… to, like, build a tent if he has to, or, like…
David S. Kong: Okay.
Mike Sackton: up, you know,
Mike Sackton: Yeah, so he seems to like his pony quite a lot, too. His pony's been… I mean, he probably couldn't ride the thing, right? Like, he's almost the same size as the pony, right?
Kate Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: You know, he's attached to it.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Probably needs a name, but I haven't come up with one.
Mike Sackton: He, he comes from some village, sort of, maybe…
Mike Sackton: Two days… well, he describes his home as, two days from anywhere interesting.
Mike Sackton: And… doesn't talk about it that much,
Mike Sackton: He… he was raised by his aunt, his…
Mike Sackton: I guess you probably would have heard the story of his… so, the most interesting thing that ever happened to him was, his birth, where his father,
Mike Sackton: came with…
Mike Sackton: he hasn't really… he doesn't really know how or what happened, but his father somehow rose from the dead while his mother was pregnant with him, attacked his mother, everybody thought him and his mother were dead, but then somehow he survived. Like, two days later, like, they, like.
Mike Sackton: just realized he was still alive, and basically cut him out of his… out of his dead mother. And he's been blessed, he's been sort of touched by some… by that miracle for the rest of his life… since then. Like, even when he was a baby, he could, like, make light appear whenever it was dark.
Mike Sackton: he's always, like, had this sense of when something… like, he's a… he's always, like…
Mike Sackton: if there's, like, dangerous things around, he'll sometimes be like, oh, there's… there's a… there's an undead over there, right? Like, and nobody knows how… and, like, he had, like, various people came and inspected him as a baby, like, what is… and they all sort of decided the Night Queen had blessed him, somehow, pre-birth.
Mike Sackton: But he's… he's kinda… doesn't talk much about his family, other than he's probably told you that story.
Mike Sackton: But he's very… that's the other sort of cost, like, he's happy to take some fish, but he'll, like, say a little blessing to the queen.
Mike Sackton: Over the meal. Like, he's constantly, like, referring back to the Night Queen's protection. Every night, you know, he blesses all of you before you go to sleep to say, the Night Queen, watch you open your sleep.
Mike Sackton: That kind of thing.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: down.
David S. Kong: Kaito is always trying to, like, do a makeover. He's always, like, subtly, like, suggesting
David S. Kong: why don't you try? You know, and he was, like, you know, because maybe when we first met, I was, like, picking on you a little bit, but then I was like, man, he's just so… he's just so nice. And then I was like, man, you know, like.
David S. Kong: You know, just, just, and he'll, like, he'll get you, like, little things.
David S. Kong: And then, and then you'll, like, you'll, like, you'll, like, you'll, you'll maybe try it, but then suddenly, somehow lose it, and, like…
Mike Sackton: Yeah, exactly, that's what I was gonna say. He, like, he, like, he, like, puts on the better cloak, and then, like, forgets it, or, like, somebody's cold, right? So he gives the nice.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'm like…
Mike Sackton: I'm an old guy.
David S. Kong: That was, like, like, an expensive, really nice cloak, like…
David S. Kong: From the best pull-in designer, and you…
Mike Sackton: But the guy was cold, right?
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, it's not really about being cold, it's about the fact that it was a one… like, that was a one-of-one.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: likes…
David S. Kong: specialty piece that you just… anyways, we'll talk about it later.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: So, he met you guys probably, like, maybe… he's, he's, like, 18, 19, like, 19, maybe, like, relatively young kid. You guys met at
Mike Sackton: You were some… on some adventure, maybe 6 months ago, where… he was… I don't know…
Mike Sackton: Following a… he was, like, on the trail of,
Mike Sackton: ghoul, or something like that. Like…
Mike Sackton: somewhere north of Toland, like, along the river, there was some small village that was… that was being plagued by this ghoul that would rise up from the grave every night. And you four were, like.
Mike Sackton: somehow being paid or on an adventure to kill the ghoul. He was just, like, wandering around, like, I'm gonna do this all by myself, because, like, I have a big hammer, and…
Mike Sackton: the undead should really go back into their graves and not be around, and, like, you met, like, on the battlefield, right? He was, like, sort of overmatched, but probably would have survived, and you guys came and changed the sort of…
Mike Sackton: wait, what are you doing, fighting this all by yourself? And you kind of bonded over the…
Mike Sackton: The victory, and then, you know.
Mike Sackton: the villagers were all very excited. He was like, oh, you want my share of the money? Sure, here, take it. Like, you guys seem like you need it more. And, like, you kind of just…
Mike Sackton: He sort of followed you along, almost like kind of a…
Mike Sackton: Lost dog for a little while, not really knowing what else to do, and then sort of became friends.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, Mike, he was from… his village was from… Where was he born?
Mike Sackton: somewhere in Tellim, off the road between… actually, I have an Obsidian page I didn't put… I didn't push. He was born in Wickerly.
Tim Sackton: I'm making obsidian… I've decided this party is the Tolan Misfits.
Mike Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: I'm making a PC… I was taking notes as everybody talked.
Mike Sackton: Hey, Sal.
Tim Sackton: But I won't do you if you have a page, you just have to.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, he was born, on a little village two days off the road, so, like, there's a road that runs from Toland to Embury. He was born on some village known for basically nothing, two days south of the road, like, a two-day walk south of the road, right?
Kate Sackton: Aveen is… Strubbing a bit on her hand drum.
Kate Sackton: And when,
Kate Sackton: Taro comes in with the fish, he says, oh, they're so beautifully sparkly in the firelight before you… before we head them up to… to cook them. And I think that I… I can… I can see a nice, spot in the trees where we're gonna get a moonbeam tonight.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Abeen is a…
Kate Sackton: young…
Kate Sackton: pretty woman with blonde hair, sort of falling loose, and she wears a pendant with a pearl, nice clothes, but most just serviceable ones,
Kate Sackton: And she's drumming and saying, I'm laying down a rhythm that reminds me of that
Kate Sackton: Time we escorted the merchant's goods And…
Kate Sackton: when we got them safely to where they needed to go, there was such a higher demand than the merchant expected that we made extra money, and we… and the merchant decided to make a donation to the poor, and I think that was just such a beautiful moment, and it should be immortalized, so I…
Kate Sackton: I've got, really, the rhythm of the journey, but I'm hoping that Kaito will come up with a good tune to
Kate Sackton: play along. Wasn't that just such a beautiful time when that merchant was so generous to… with his excess wealth?
David S. Kong: Yeah, I thought he could have been more generous, but…
Kate Sackton: Well…
David S. Kong: I mean…
Kate Sackton: Everybody starts somewhere. It's still a journey. The strumming, the drumming will be, like, everyone's journey towards just giving more to the world.
David S. Kong: Well, and you know what's great, though, too, is, like, sometimes people give in ways that they don't even know that they're giving, you know? It's like, they just… they… they… they think that they're generous, but, you know, they're ways that they are generous, and they don't even know that they're generous.
David S. Kong: You know? Taric makes sure that they're generous the ways that they… Need to be. It's great.
David S. Kong: How long have we known you? Or how do we know you?
Kate Sackton: Well… when I was just getting,
Kate Sackton: my start after finishing my studies in Tolin, I knew somebody who knew this merchant who needed people, so I…
Kate Sackton: I was looking around for a group to…
Kate Sackton: take on that particular task and allow me to be part of it, because I was seeking to make the world safer and brighter for everyone. And so when we recruited, the three of you.
Kate Sackton: For the task, part of the…
Kate Sackton: stipulation was that I would get to be part of the voyage, and… because I had sort of a finder's fee of hooking up the deal. So we all did that,
Kate Sackton: Merchant task, you know, goods escort quest together, so…
Kate Sackton: And I just thought you were such shining examples of making the world a better place that you were exactly the sort of good actors that I was looking for to bring more light to the world.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Kate Sackton: how I see you.
David S. Kong: You, you and Edric are, like, are, like, like, the, just, like, like, so, like, just…
David S. Kong: like, good people. You just seem like really good people.
David S. Kong: And Tarek and I are just kind of like, why… what's…
David S. Kong: how did we end up with such nice people to be around? I mean, it's so nice to be around nice people.
Eric Rosenbaum: Weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're nice, too, you know?
Eric Rosenbaum: So nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I really like that at a certain level, you're just sort of, like, mystified by it.
David S. Kong: So mystified, so not… do not understand at all your values. Like, completely do not understand your values.
David S. Kong: And, wait, so just in our group dynamics, like, like,
David S. Kong: Sorry, Case, what's your character's name again?
Kate Sackton: A vein.
Eric Rosenbaum: Havin.
David S. Kong: Oh, Aveen, Aveen. Sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: Absolutely.
David S. Kong: Dean and Edric, just, like, whenever we meet somebody, you're just so nice, and you're just so, like, welcoming and thoughtful. Like, is it, like, what's the… are you two, like, aligned? Do you all… do you both, like.
David S. Kong: You know, what's your relationship like, the two of you?
Mike Sackton: Adrix?
Mike Sackton: not that talkative. Like, he's definitely nice, but he's actually more likely to, like.
Mike Sackton: drop some coins in a beggar's cup and, like, mumble and walk away if the guy tries to thank him. Or, like, he's not effusive, right? Like, he doesn't, like, greet people and, like, he actually, he comes across as kind of socially awkward more than nice.
Mike Sackton: Like, once you get to know him, he's very generous, and he does these very random…
Mike Sackton: nice acts, like he'll give away a nice cloak to a beggar, because he doesn't really care about the nice cloak. Then he'll maybe feel bad if you're like, wait, that was a nice cloak, and then he'll offer to buy you a new one.
Mike Sackton: But…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: He's not… he's not, like, in the front of the party, like… like… being…
Mike Sackton: Nice to people.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: What's your relationship with Amy?
Mike Sackton: I… I think he's kind of in awe of her a little bit, like, you're so good at talking, and like…
Mike Sackton: Acting and speaking to people, and like… Embodying the sort of,
Mike Sackton: like, I don't know, yeah, I think… I think there's a little bit of…
Mike Sackton: A little bit of in awe of, like, your ability to talk to people in a nice way and express yourself.
Kate Sackton: Whereas I think Edric is an actual embodiment, like, I'm very impressed with his, sort of, living his faith.
Kate Sackton: But… I…
Kate Sackton: And I'm glad that I have the opportunity to be the one who's Gabby about, you know, not only is it wonderful to meet people and hear their stories and hear what light they're already bringing to the world, but really, we do need to organize, and we can't just each be individual actors. We need to bring our powers together to effect change.
Kate Sackton: You know, so…
Mike Sackton: But Edrick's a little skeptical of change, to be honest, right? Like, you… that's nice, like, you do you, of course, but like…
Mike Sackton: The world's just the world, it's not gonna cha- it's just, we move through it, we don't change it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we can move things around occasionally.
David S. Kong: Totally moving things around. Things get moved all the time.
Mike Sackton: I mean, people…
Eric Rosenbaum: Sometimes they just move by themselves.
Mike Sackton: Sure, yeah.
Kate Sackton: The moon has a bright night every month!
Kate Sackton: Like, we have this opportunity to see reliable light in life, you know?
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait.
Mike Sackton: Edric also, I mean, he'll sometimes, like, go into this, like, almost ecstatic trance where, like, in combat, where he's just, like…
Mike Sackton: fighting, and you almost kick it. Like, he doesn't even… it seems like he almost doesn't know…
Mike Sackton: It definitely has this side of him of, like, religious…
Mike Sackton: fervor, where he's, like, lost, almost lost to the world.
David S. Kong: So…
Mike Sackton: He performs amazing feats when he's in that state.
David S. Kong: Tarek, I thought Taric was a reluctant rogue. You don't sound very reluctant. You sound pretty into it. Like, you sound.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I changed my mind about that, I guess.
David S. Kong: I was like, I don't sense any reluctance, I sat there, like, what you're saying.
Mike Sackton: there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nope.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, okay, this is pretty great. This is pretty good. Dude, so, okay, I feel like part of the dynamic here, it's like, Tarek…
David S. Kong: and… and Kaito are kind of like…
David S. Kong: like, there's no way they're really this way. Like, there's, like, this has… like, at some point, there's gonna be, like, the bit is gonna… you know what I mean? Like, they're not… and I bet we, like, actually, you know, like, like, probably, like, when we first met Edric, like.
David S. Kong: we really did, like, fuck with you and take advantage of you, and then just, like, felt so bad. Like, we did something that was, like, kind of mean. We were like, oh, but he's actually just, like, really nice, like, fuck, this is like… and then it's just like, ugh.
Mike Sackton: He's also, like, I mean, he's a little scared, like, he's… he's definitely a big, strong.
David S. Kong: Yeah, no, for sure, for sure, but, like, we would, we would totally, like, fuck with you and try to, you know, and then it was like, fuck, like…
David S. Kong: You're making us feel so bad. And then, and then it became like, alright, well, let me help you try to dress a little better, or just, like.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Not be so, you know…
David S. Kong: So, okay, that makes sense.
Eric Rosenbaum: We taught you how to tie other people's shoelaces together after we did a tea, you know.
David S. Kong: Exactly. And then, and then, Charo is, like, is like, so you're, you're, like, what's your dynamic with everything?
Tim Sackton: So, I mean, Charo's a bit older than everybody else, he's, like, 32 or something like that, which is not old for… for lizardfolk, obviously.
Mike Sackton: The elf is a lot older than all of us.
Tim Sackton: I know, but the elf plays young.
Mike Sackton: That's true.
David S. Kong: Totally played Java.
Tim Sackton: he's older than the humans, and… I don't know, his vibe's kinda like,
Tim Sackton: The guy, the guy in Kicking and screaming who refuses to graduate college?
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: Who, like, just keeps getting… keeps going, getting more and more degrees.
Tim Sackton: He just… he's, like, just doesn't really know, like, he doesn't… he's sort of like, I don't really… he likes… he likes wandering around the woods, like…
Tim Sackton: You know, he likes animals, he likes, kinda…
Tim Sackton: But not… but not in a, like, I'm gonna save nature kind of way, just in a, like…
Tim Sackton: Animals are cool.
Tim Sackton: like… kind of way, and he… I… his vibe is really that he just doesn't…
Tim Sackton: He doesn't fit in with the lizardfolk, he doesn't fit in in cities, he just doesn't know what to do with himself, so he's like… But I think he sees himself with a little bit…
Tim Sackton: wiser. I mean, he's probably the only one who has a positive wisdom modifier.
Mike Sackton: No, Edric is surprisingly insightful and wise for his… he has a 12 wisdom.
Tim Sackton: Okay, well, that's not a 17.
Mike Sackton: No. But he only has a 9 intelligence.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So… so, I think Charles sees himself a little bit as, like, the… you know.
Tim Sackton: Keeping everybody from doing anything to… naive, or…
David S. Kong: Are you the adult in the room?
Tim Sackton: A little bit the adult in the room, but he doesn't want to be the adult in the room.
Tim Sackton: He's, like, the reluctant adult in the room.
Tim Sackton: But also, a little bit, just kinda… not… Not, what's the word?
Tim Sackton: He's not bored, he's just… Aimless.
Tim Sackton: So, like, whatever's in front of him, he's like, this seems like a good idea.
David S. Kong: No, but this makes sense. So, you found, like, by a stroke of luck, you found a sense of belonging amongst this group, and so you're not totally sure why you're here, but it just kind of works.
Tim Sackton: Exactly. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Great.
Mike Sackton: I think Edric has a little bit of that vibe too, right? Like…
Mike Sackton: not in the same way at all, but he's just like, oh, they kind of adopted me, that's kind of nice, it works for me, I'll stick around.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bunch of misfit toys, together.
David S. Kong: And you know what this party, the vibe of this party right now, is giving me? It's like, it's giving, like, like, Breakfast Club. You know, it's like, it's like an 80s, like, you know, it's like, nobody quite fits in, but we're all in detention together, and we're all kind of like, alright, well, I guess we're friends now, even though, like, initially there was a bunch of friction. But we worked through the fiction.
David S. Kong: Like, previously…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right, right.
David S. Kong: It's like the end of Breakfast Club, where now everybody is, like, kind of like, alright, cool, like, we all understand we're different, but, like, we actually all kind of get along, and most importantly, we all… we belong. We all belong together in this weird group, even though…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: We are, like, really different.
David S. Kong: On certain levels.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right, you, like, you have the jock, who's, like, super ripped, but actually an extremely chill dude. Like, you've got the… you've got the Pollyanna, like, optimist. Everything is so great all the time, like, can you believe how amazing this is? Like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You've got the… like, the nerd just on his own trip, who is… not always aware, he is with a group of people at the same time, but boy, does he love his butterflies. And.
Tim Sackton: No, I think… so I just, like, my vibe is not… I mean, it's a little bit that, but it's more…
Tim Sackton: Like, he sticks with this group precisely because he is aware, like, he's like, this is…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, that's so sweet! That's so much sweeter! Yes.
Tim Sackton: Right? It's like, I don't have anything else to do with my life, but I like these people. Like, I don't know what to do with myself, but they're, like…
Tim Sackton: They're nice, like, he likes them, he's friends with them, and so…
Tim Sackton: Rather than just wander the rivers by himself, doing nothing Travel with people you like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I almost feel like, and this is not quite right, but, like, the sense of, like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Everyone graduated from college and could not find a real job, and so…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I answered a looking for roommates ad, and, like, after living together for a year, like, you're… it turns out it's great living together.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cool, cool.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, as you're preparing dinner, sitting around the fire, chatting about everything and nothing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alden is sitting a little way. As he said each night when you've made a fire, he says, very simply and directly, I have a fear of fire, and perks himself a little ways farther back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He's a short man, sort of round, very strong, but not exactly strong-looking, always smiling, quiet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Very pale, always watching and paying attention and attentive, but rarely volunteering anything in particular to say. But tonight, he says to you,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tomorrow, we'll arrive at… Dandelion House, that's the name of the manor that you're going to.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Tell me again about what your last job was like. And here's the prompt that I want to set up for the five of you. I'd like to hear from each of your different perspectives.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What was your favorite part of the last job?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You were hired…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): by an elf in Tolin belonging to some… Organization interested in recovering items.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: To go far upriver to where an Etton, a 12-foot-tall, two-headed giant, had…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): One way or another, come into possession as part of a treasure… little treasure hoard of an old book he wanted.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And, this Eden and a, a group of, goblins, who he…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ran with… I don't know if goblin's the right… something crunchy.
Mike Sackton: Goblins would work. Goblins would work, I think. Or cob… no, maybe goblins is better than kobolds.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, you had to go up, you had to track them down, and fight your way through the goblins, and then come and have an extremely, extremely tough battle with this Etten, who you thought you could sneak up on, but it turns out only one of the heads is asleep at a time, and so it, saw you coming and turned tables, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And did some serious damage before you were able to defeat it and recover a…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I'm nice!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just enough haul of cash for yourselves, and, bring a few old, boring-looking books back to this other guy.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So, Alden says, Tell me about your last job!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What'd you like about that one?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a little similar to what this will be, maybe?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And, like, the prompt there is, I would love to hear from each of your characters' perspectives, like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What was the best part of that for you?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It could have nothing to do with any of the events I just described. Feel free to add on makeup.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Then, use it to touch button?
David S. Kong: Which works, so say again, the, we, the main…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He's asking, what was your favorite part of the last job, where you went upriver into the wilds, tracked down this group of goblins, and defeated them, then tried to sneak up and kill the Sentin, but it turned the tables, you had a very, very tough fight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Defeated it, picked up the old book, and brought it back to the elf along with some cash for yourselves.
David S. Kong: So this was like a heist. We were basically trying.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, it's a place with fight at the end, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Snatch and grab? Yeah.
David S. Kong: I mean… Honestly, did we get paid well?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, because the Eden had a whole bunch of money you did not need to declare to the elf in good pocket.
David S. Kong: I mean, I personally loved it.
David S. Kong: I mean… Barely got my robe dirty,
David S. Kong: It ended up well for our purses. I mean, there's not much to complain about, from my perspective, on the whole thing.
David S. Kong: And also, you know, Yeah, there's not getting your robe dirty, but…
David S. Kong: Just, you know, and I'm getting influenced by my colleagues here. Nobody got hurt, like, everybody was, everybody was, you know, like, it was… it was just, it was… it was easy, you know? I think that's, like,
David S. Kong: I guess most people think, you know, yeah, you know, we're still on the younger side, but I don't want to get hurt, you know? And it was… we, you know…
David S. Kong: We fattened the right parts and got through things, you know?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Quick and easy as it was, so… I thought it was great.
Mike Sackton: You didn't notice all the blood pouring out of me when the Aetna hit me with his, his, spiked club there?
David S. Kong: I mean, did I notice? Of course I noticed, but then, you know, that's why Charo's here, and there's healing, I mean, we're living in a magical realm, I mean, it's temporary blood, you know?
Mike Sackton: It's true, it went away quick.
David S. Kong: I don't wanna…
Mike Sackton: You actually…
David S. Kong: that point.
Mike Sackton: You've actually… you've actually seen Edge, like, take a ton of damage and then just heal it all the next moment.
David S. Kong: I mean… It… my view is, it looks worse than it is.
Mike Sackton: It always ends.
David S. Kong: That's what I'm saying! So…
Mike Sackton: the, the night after we killed the goblins, before we went in.
Mike Sackton: The goblins, you know, they'd run off.
Mike Sackton: We… we had hunted down a few, but… I kinda like that…
Mike Sackton: most of them just kind of got away, and we didn't have to kill too many of them. Like, that was… that was nice. Like, it's always a little nicer when they just run.
Mike Sackton: I slept really well after that, right? I was really… the ground was very comfortable.
Mike Sackton: the… I found one of the… one of the goblin… one of the… in the goblin wear, there was, like… there was, like, one of them had a nice pillow.
Mike Sackton: Right? And I really think, like, the combination of…
Mike Sackton: only having to kill one of them, and most of them running away, and then that pillow. Like, it was just a really nice… I slept very well, I felt very good about myself, like, it was… it was a… it was a good night.
Mike Sackton: You know, I think, the temperature was good.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Like…
Mike Sackton: you know, the next day, I mean, there's always… there was always the next day, but in that moment, you know, before we knew everything was gonna go wrong with the blood and the spiked club… I think that was the best part.
Eric Rosenbaum: the, the Edin… I'm very large.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pair of boots.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which, once I get the odor out of them, I'm sure…
Eric Rosenbaum: That we will stumble upon someone direly in need of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it will make a love a gift.
Tim Sackton: Charles sort of looks over as Tarek's talking, and…
Tim Sackton: Kind of shakes his head a little bit.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: I've known you for a while, and…
Tim Sackton: I get that you appreciate loot, but seriously?
Tim Sackton: Riding into battle throwing daggers from the back of me shapeshift into a tiger was not your highlight?
Eric Rosenbaum: That was alright. That was alright.
Tim Sackton: Just shaking my head.
Mike Sackton: But I mean, he did get knocked off by the spiked club.
Tim Sackton: Well, it was 6 good seconds.
Mike Sackton: I think maybe if the Atten hadn't seen him coming, it would have been a better 6 seconds.
Tim Sackton: That's probably true.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Was that your favorite part, then? Eldin asks.
Tim Sackton: That's always nice.
Tim Sackton: There's something about…
Tim Sackton: Tiger that's satisfying.
Tim Sackton: It was a little growl in the back of his throat.
Kate Sackton: I mean, the teamwork of having a rapid attack, and then a fighter with stamina, my ability to sort of stay back and use ranged spells that kept me from
Kate Sackton: as a…
Kate Sackton: Hato says, from getting my clothes dirty, which I just think is a metaphor for experiencing pain,
Kate Sackton: So, I think that it did…
Kate Sackton: Was an example of how we've learned to fight together.
Kate Sackton: Because things didn't go as we expected, but we still got through.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alden nods.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, tomorrow we'll get to Dandelion House.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And, as he says it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): his demeanor changes a little bit. You can see him just light up. It's clear that he loves this place.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He says, I'm so excited for you to see it, it's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Gorgeous. It has everything that a manor house should.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And… it's a little old, it's a little rundown. Sure, it needs a little bit of love, of course, and… and care, but it's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's beautiful, it's exactly what it is, it's exactly what it should be. The walls, the… Cellars! The halls…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Once… Once.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Lord Holder just spruces it up a little bit and really moves in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's gonna be just the thing, filled with people and life and laughter, which it isn't really now, but it will be soon.
Kate Sackton: Have you already started identifying artisans who'll help with the repairs once we've cleared it for safety?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I think he's taking things one thing at a time. But I have…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a big, big family in this area, and I have all sorts of cousins who can do all sorts of things, and I'm… I'm sure all of us will… will help out and put it all back together again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So… so I'm… I'm not too worried, but he's,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know if I've told you quite all the detail. I should leave most of them for him to say, but…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's a… There's a condition of this inheritance that,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that he hasn't quite fulfilled yet, and… and that's an… I'll… I'll let him tell you about all of this when… when we get there.
Kate Sackton: Will we be meeting them in the house or outside before we arrive?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, when we get… when we get to the grounds, if we push hard tomorrow, I think we'll get there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm excited for you to see it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And he grins and falls silent.
Eric Rosenbaum: I heard… Rhododendron house is actually nicer.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You… I… hmm… hmm… So, Alden.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, seriously, though, why?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): From a single dandelion can travel hundreds of miles.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And that…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the same dandelions that grow on the west side of the mountains grow on the east. What greater traveler is there than a sea lion? It's remarkable.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Have you ever seen, at dawn and dusk.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In a field of dandelions, if you blow, the way the light shines on each of them, it's one of the most beautiful things I've…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I know you're just giving me a hard time, but it's… don't downplay the beauty of this thing, it's magnificent.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not a simple, it's not a weed.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you're saying this is a kind of power move, like…
Eric Rosenbaum: Instead of the most luxurious flower, they chose the most humble one to say, they are that elevated.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The dandelion can go anywhere and do anything, can cross unimaginable distances. That's exactly it, it's not a humble weed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's Meg?
Eric Rosenbaum: But the house presumably stays in one place.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well… I mean, yes, obviously, but… but I… just to say, it's a… It's… it's… you… I…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't like it when people talk badly about dandelions.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bit of a weed, but… Fair enough.
Mike Sackton: They used to cause trouble back home.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whoa?
Mike Sackton: Just… We always had to clear them out of the barley fields.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that's… true. They do have a habit of going where they're not wanted.
Mike Sackton: I like them, though.
Mike Sackton: Sorry, I'll go back to my food.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Odin falls… silent again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's his pattern. He usually doesn't have much to say.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So unless there's other business or questions that you have for him tonight, he's… he's certainly ready to turn in.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's a… I'm afraid he's a small human.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He's sort of a small round puman.
David S. Kong: I cast Detect Thoughts.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): tell me… read the description to see, get a… how does it work?
David S. Kong: tell you.
David S. Kong: My first time doing this, but I know I have this spell. Why not, since we're here.
Mike Sackton: kind of very unimportant, I think.
David S. Kong: Spells, detect thoughts…
Mike Sackton: Like, soccer? Yeah.
David S. Kong: You sense the thought… you sense the presence of thoughts walking.
Mike Sackton: Sorry.
David S. Kong: the,
David S. Kong: You… you sense the presence of thoughts… oh, read thoughts. Target one creature you see within 30 feet of yourself, or one creature within 30 feet of yourself that… that you detected.
David S. Kong: You learn what is most on the target's mind right now. If the target doesn't know any languages and isn't telepathic, you learn nothing.
David S. Kong: As a magic action on your next turn, you can try to probe deeper into the target's mind. If you probe deeper, the target makes a wisdom saving throw. On a failed serve save, you discern the target's reasoning, emotions, and something that looms in its mind.
David S. Kong: Such as Worry, Love, or Hate, on a successful save, the spell ends. Either of the way, the target knows you are probing into its mind, and until you shift your attention away from the target's mind, the target can take in a turn… action on its turn to make an intelligence arcana check against your spell save DC, and is ending the spell on a success.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Love it. Alright, so surface thoughts.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not verbal. He is imagining dandelions blowing in the wind in a… In a golden… our light…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sort of sparkling and carried, and all the things he's describing, he's imagining those things. Seeds and spores carried across oceans and over mountains and through forests, and into barley fields, where they go unnoticed by the people walking by.
David S. Kong: And what kind of emotions is… is… are attached?
David S. Kong: To this?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Joy?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): delight… And… That's the emotional content, yeah.
David S. Kong: Guys, I'm so sorry. When I was just… was I just taking over the share for a second? Yeah. Okay. How do I just do the computer music? This is so annoying. Why… why is this not working?
Tim Sackton: I just texted you what mine looks like.
David S. Kong: Yeah, when I press share, it takes over the whole thing. Like, it just, like, it just takes.
Tim Sackton: Oh, it doesn't give you any options?
David S. Kong: Yeah, that's so annoying.
Mike Sackton: You can't go share, and then go to advanced, and.
Tim Sackton: Try share, and then… do you have the…
David S. Kong: When I click share, it just… it does this. It immediately takes over the whole thing.
Tim Sackton: You don't have any options that show up.
David S. Kong: No.
David S. Kong: Sorry.
David S. Kong: Anyways, we don't have to do this. I'm gonna text you, I think, just a playlist to play some…
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: This is so annoying, I wanna play- I wanna DJ this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think Kong, like, the last emotional piece there is also a quality of longing, maybe? Maybe it's longing?
David S. Kong: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nostalgia, maybe?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's unclear.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you want to probe deeper and he gets a wisdom save, or…
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, but also not… also not, deceptive. Like, he's not, like, lying to us or anything, he's, like, genuinely…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, yeah, nope.
David S. Kong: And also, he's not, does he seem, like, under a spell?
David S. Kong: Nope, armed.
Mike Sackton: Are you, like… Telegast you're casting a spell?
Tim Sackton: I mean, we can…
Mike Sackton: I guess it… it's sort of obvious you're casting a spell, I guess, unless you're trying to hide it.
David S. Kong: Is it obvious that I'm casting a spell? I mean, I would… I would not want it to be obvious.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's… yeah, it's obvious.
David S. Kong: Is it obvi- oh, is it obvious to them, because you've seen me do it?
David S. Kong: Yes. It's not obvious to Albus.
Tim Sackton: No, it would be obvious to Al- I mean…
David S. Kong: Oh, then what the fuck is the point of this spell? If it's, like, it's like a detect thoughts, I thought it was supposed to be, like, tricky. It's not supposed to be, like, I do it, and then, like, you know…
Mike Sackton: Well, if he's, like, sitting away, you can… you don't…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): M…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You get the impression he's not the most perceptive dude, and he's leaning against a tree with his eyes closed 15 feet away, and maybe the others of you are chatting around the fire, covers it, maybe your back's to him, I mean…
Mike Sackton: I mean, we could cover it, right? Like, we could… if…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm happy to let you have it unnoticed.
Mike Sackton: Aldrick will say to you, are you worried about something?
Mike Sackton: Like, in a half-whisper.
David S. Kong: Just curious.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tarek as a matter of habit, not because he's going to steal anything from the guy, but just because this is how his mind works.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is visually estimating, like, what has he got on him?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm, okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, well,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): While, Kaito is continuing to cast, so what he's got on him, he's dressed simply in sort of a, like, a homespun, rough.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Trousers and boots that are simple but well-made, and similarly, like, a homespun shirt with a thick sheepskin wool coat, you know, with the leather on the outside and the wool on the inside, and a sort of a woolly cap.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He carries a quarterstaff and a long knife, but not other weapons.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In a backpack, you know, you haven't seen in the backpack, but it's,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what's in there? There's a bedroll, and a canteen, and… I wouldn't call it adventurer's gear so much as just traveler's supplies. You haven't seen anything strange or exotic, there's not, like, a…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: writing set in there or something, or I don't know, books.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It all sort of comports with, like, basic traveling.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Edge says again, Ed.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Do you think… do you think there's something we should be worried about with him?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I… I don't trust anybody, that's all. That's just me.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You know, some people look at the world and they think, wow, what a beautiful person and what a beautiful thing that this could be. And some people look at the world and they're like, wow, we're about to get fucked.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And I am… I'll let you guess which one I agree.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It's gonna be fine.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Is this guy supposed to be with us on the… and he's… is he coming… he's showing us the house, but is he coming with us into the house to find the thing?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You get the impression he's not, like, coming in to do…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): anything dangerous. He's a servant of.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Got it. Of the… the lord of the… the castle.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Or, the manor, yep.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Alright.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Kong, I'm working on, messaging you privately the below-surface-level thoughts.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Thank you, okay.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I'm pretty much ready to turn in, but…
Tim Sackton: Should we set a watch?
Mike Sackton: We presumably usually do.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll take the first one.
David S. Kong: Elves sleep, right?
Mike Sackton: No, you only do a transfer 4 hours.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I'll take the early morning, I'll sleep and then get up.
Tim Sackton: Pre-dawn.
David S. Kong: Pardon me to sleep tonight.
Mike Sackton: I mean, Al was never asleep.
David S. Kong: Or it's hard to meet… for me to…
Mike Sackton: you, like… like, deal with is always just, like, kind of standing around meditating, right? Like, it was not… it's not like.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah. Well, I do that.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Or sitting around meditating.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Wow.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I will turn in.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Eldrick says, like, a prayer to the nightgreen.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That's true, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Fairly extended, you know, watch over us, and…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: My companions in their sleep, and, you know, please…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Please let Dandelion House be safe and sound, and…
Mike Sackton: You know, blah blah blah.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Use that watches through the night, presumably.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Awesome. Everything passes uneventfully, you're in pretty… even though you're headed deeper into the woods, you're still in relatively civilized territory.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: In the morning.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You strike camp…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: and head…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): onwards. It's a long day's hike. There's a lot of ground to cover. Alden sets a pretty steady pace.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Onwards.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): On and on you go through the day.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the woods get thicker. The… the sort of, background here for us, it's these enormous oaks and ash and elms. I mean, just these huge, huge old trees.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You're in a part of the world that must not have been clear-cut for a long, long time, so it must not have been farms for ages and ages.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: At a certain point.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): in the morning, you lose the path. You started by going upriver for Tolin, and then following paths through the woods that were relatively…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well marked, or at least occasionally used, and then it seemed like you were just sort of following a game trail, and at a certain point.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It just strikes you as trackless. The canopy overhead is dense enough that it's difficult to tell even what cardinal direction you're heading, and you can only sort of tell the time of day that it is. This filtered green-blue light that makes it down to the forest floor, where all around you the thick branches fill
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: everything.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: In a way, it's like an open… the canopy overhead blocks much from growing on the floor, so it's open down there. But without Alden leading you, there would definitely be no path to the place you're going.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It's trackless.
David S. Kong: Is one of us, like, a ranger-y, nature-y person that can, like, track shit and get outside?
Tim Sackton: I'm not terrible.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Gato kinda is, like, as we're, like, walking along to, like, Charles, like, dude, like, are we…
David S. Kong: What is going on?
David S. Kong: You feeling okay?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Kaito's, like, not very, like… even though he's an elf, he's, like, a city elf, you know what I mean? So he's kind of like, man, this is, like…
David S. Kong: Make it dirty, this is like a little…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You feeling okay about this?
Tim Sackton: I mean, what's my sense here? Are we…
Tim Sackton: Do I know where we are?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Alden… so, you get two cents. One is, Alden clearly knows where he's going. Like, dude's moving with purpose, he's not, like… he's not trying to throw you off, he's not, like, trying to lose something or confuse anything.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And you get a clear sense, you know, more or less, do you have, like, a nature or survival, something like that?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, well, give me a road… either one of those that you like.
Tim Sackton: 15, survival.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, you have a really clear sense of, like, what cardinal direction you're headed. You're continuing to head northwest, more or less, curving slightly towards the north.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You could at least directionally find your way back to, you know, the last… the river again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It may take a little while extra, but…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nothing fishy, just difficult terrain.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: reassure, Kaito.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, we're not fast.
Mike Sackton: Further from civilization than my village.
Kate Sackton: Let's see why they…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It…
Kate Sackton: Appreciation for dandelions, you know, really don't see them around here.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: What's the wild leg?
Tim Sackton: Wildlife-like as we're… as we're going.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: As the day wears on, there's less of it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that by the afternoon.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You no longer see deer tracks on the forest floor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You don't hear squirrels in the trees as you did in the mornings.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And you get the impression of birds up in the canopy, but, like, you don't see…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: you don't really see much below the canopy. It's quieter and quieter. The wind moving through the dry leaves,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Almost ready to fall, and some beginning to fall above you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sounds almost like an ocean, like these waves, passing and crashing over you.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: These yellow leaves have started to fall down around you here and there.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But not much wildlife. Unless, as the day goes on.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Somewhere around noon, Alden says, I don't think we should stop for lunch. I think we should press on so that we get there before dark, and, encourages you to eat as you walk.
Tim Sackton: Fine by me.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Is, I mean, that's fine.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Kiddo does not like any of this.
Mike Sackton: How does the pony feel?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Remind me of the pony again? Tell me, like, the pony's… the pony's vibe. What's the… what's the pony's, like, character like? Like… like,
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: like, what if Sam…
Mike Sackton: one of Sam's ponies from Lord of the Rings, fine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure, stalwart, stubborn…
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: loyal to you. Yeah. Not the bravest, but a little… Yeah, exactly. …badass pony. Yeah. Good.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: What you notice is… the pony's not like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): resistant or shying away. The pony's just more alert as the day goes on.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Like, they…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Years are just.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: more…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Listening for little sounds, You only hear the wind.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, but you see the pony listening as the big gust of wind passes far above.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It's just more… it's a little bit more locked in.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I didn't name this. I'll reassure.
David S. Kong: I feel like Kaito doesn't like any of this, because Kaito's… not that he likes to eat lunch, but it's just this whole being outside, and it's kind of a little…
David S. Kong: It's all a little too… something. Something's not quite sitting right.
David S. Kong: Not quite happy about this whole situation.
David S. Kong: When are we getting to this house?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Soon enough, says Alden.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As the day passes on later and the sun starts to sink in the sky.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what must be beautiful and low light above the level of the Kennedy just translates into more and more darkness.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The sort of gloom where all the color is drained out of the world down here. And you can see, when you look up, almost like a fiery light reflecting off the changing leaves above you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You can see that looking out, and it's brighter still by the contrast with the gloom down below, but it is…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Dark down here. And getting darker.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not far now, says Alton. We are almost there.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I will. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Summon a flame into my hand with Produce Flame.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Edric will also, like, sort of…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Tap their armor, like, on the shoulder or something, and, like, a little light.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Like, one of the, like, little… almost crown-shaped.
Mike Sackton: Starry white just springs up on their shoulder.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Ulden…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): who has made a point to say, I don't like fire, every night around the campfire, sees the flame, and takes a few steps forward to just put a couple extra feet.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Madrix is not fire, it's… it's just light.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Man's got issues.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The… the pony's name is Mospho.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Lost foot.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: moss foot.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): lost foot.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: like.
David S. Kong: but made of moss.
Tim Sackton: Let's press on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You see ahead of you in the gloom,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe the trees are thinning, but you see an archway.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And as you get closer to it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you realize it's all that remains of what must have been an old wall. It's the archway with the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): little bits of iron, a few bits left, that must have been a porcolous to raise up and down to close it off, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Looking off to the sides of it as you get closer, you see… .
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: y'all in New England have many more of these than in Colorado, but, like, you know those walls in the woods that are not just like, oh, it's a stone wall, but, like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, that WAS a stone wall several hundred years ago.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But it's so overgrown, and in places even invisible.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But what must have been a wall that stretched around this?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Well, then leads you through… the gate?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Leaving the densest of the forest behind, and it just starts to thin out.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: On the far side, the path dips down a couple of feet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then back up again, and you realize you're…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Crossing through what must have been a moat?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You know…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hundreds of years ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: kicked my feet around to see if I can find anything in the underbrush.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, just roots.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The ground is…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): thick with roots, like, there's not even…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It almost seems like there's hardly even dirt, just the ground is a carpet of intertwined roots.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: They come in from particularly large trees.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, ev- everywhere. Everywhere, everywhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought the trees had thinned out here.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: A little bit, but the… what to tell you, man, there's still…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Still rum.
Eric Rosenbaum: My treat, low roots.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Thinned out in the sense of being maybe more like what the background is that we're looking at, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Right now.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That kind of thing.
David S. Kong: Is it a little creepy?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: A little bit, right? Coming over a rise.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you can see up ahead, a clearing is opening. You can see it by the quality of light, and Tim, will you switch to the next background for us, please?
David S. Kong: Oh, shit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And they're in front of you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is… Somewhere between a majestic and decrepit manor house.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Something that is clearly hundreds of years old.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That seems to be swallowed by the forest, although
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe not as swallowed by the forest as the forest you've just come through, jest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's still intact, still in one piece.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Even though the windows are gone in many, many of the windows.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The stone, the walls are still solid, and even though vines and moss is crawling up it, and in fact the whole back half of it seems almost swallowed by brush and saplings.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You get a sense, at least, that the bones are strong.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right? That structurally, it's…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Solid.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alden pauses at just about this distance and says to you, Welcome to Dandelion House.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Before we go inside, I need to tell you that… Lord Hulda can be… Difficult sometimes.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: He needs, at least I've found, A certain amount of…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Patience, and a certain amount of flattery.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: He might not tell you this.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But he was born the second son of a lord, and disinherited, and all… I mean, all.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all his life!
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Until this moment, He hasn't had…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This, this is what he's always wanted, all he wanted.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Was to have a… Keep, and his own little patch of the world, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Peasants to work the land, and…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And grass, like… And yes, yes, I, I know, I know, and you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That dandelion House is…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Is going to need some work to get there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And the forest is gonna need some clearing to get there, and there's… much, much to be done ahead of us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But this is the fulfillment of a dream he's had his entire life, so don't… please…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Don't…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think he'll respond well.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: If you, you know… This place looks beautiful to me. It looks…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: This looks like when I imagine… A multicolored diamond.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: and close my eyes, and then I open it here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's good, more, yes, more, more of that, yes.
David S. Kong: eating it.
David S. Kong: A priceless stone.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Fit for only… the finest, Of all things, just… it's just… it's perfection, it's, it's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That may actually be too much, but, but, like…
David S. Kong: Dial it back, dial it back, dial it back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Before you got to the diamond, that was… that was good.
Mike Sackton: It's kind of run down, though, right?
David S. Kong: Yeah, but see, and then Kara, like, just, like, walks, walks right in. But, but, but I understand, I understand…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: the energy that you're going for here. Excuse my friend, he's, how should I say this?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Direct?
Kate Sackton: Correct.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Direct. And we love Direct.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But sometimes, sometimes, Edric, it's good to be… Quite good.
David S. Kong: Indirect!
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Indirect. Or, or maybe what you observe and see in front of you You… you go around that.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You go around instead of right through it.
David S. Kong: Let's go right through it guy, you know?
Mike Sackton: Now, what?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: We need.
Mike Sackton: What's the ride like?
David S. Kong: So, yeah, yeah, and quiet.
Mike Sackton: Is there anything behind the building that looks interesting?
Tim Sackton: No, no, not literally go around that.
Tim Sackton: Let's meet the Lord first.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Although.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and says, yes, just think of.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Think of my conversations with you over the last few days.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: the way that I've been… polite, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): accommodating.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And do that.
David S. Kong: all this.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Don't worry.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It's gonna be great.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Alden leads the way, and through the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): bushes and the vines, there is a barely perceptible path to the front door, which
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is huge iron-banded wooden doors, resting open. And you can tell, just from looking at them that they are unclosable at this point in their life.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And the wood in front of them is warped from the rain, but somehow not totally falling apart. There was…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Either the open to the elements is recent, or there's some incredible craftsmanship, Something more at play here.
Tim Sackton: So before we step through the door to the manor.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna, like, fall back a little so I'm last in line, so I'm furthest from…
Tim Sackton: then, and I will…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Cast the tech magic.
Tim Sackton: Just so I have it up when we go into the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: into the… manner. Nice.
David S. Kong: You're a druid.
Mike Sackton: I've been resisting casting my Detect Fae spell.
David S. Kong: What character class are you again, Mike?
Mike Sackton: Barbarian, but I have a magic… I have a feat that lets me cast two cantrips in a first level spell.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Cool.
Mike Sackton: And the first level spell is detect evil and good, which also detects the.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, for the duration, you sense the pressure…
Kate Sackton: category of evil org.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Use, hence the presence of magical effects within 30 feet.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: If you sense them, you can take an action to see an aura.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If it's created by a spell, you learn the Spell School of Magic, unless the DM does.
David S. Kong: No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the spell, School of Magic, in which case, he just makes a vague sort of explanation.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's pretty much the way it works.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Excellent.
Tim Sackton: Just some vague information about the magical. I often make up vague…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Thanks.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: there's some… you know, there's something in the structure of the building itself. Like, you get a… as if.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know, it's sort of a varnish or a veneer, like, that would make sense to you, too, to explain why the forest had not completely taken over, why the whole thing had not collapsed.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Hundreds of years ago, the School of Magic is structural?
Tim Sackton: I will… I'll just like to broaden my…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: My claws along the…
Tim Sackton: stone as we step in, just see if I, like, feel anything weird, and then…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: like, wish that we had Seeker here to tell us what.
Tim Sackton: The stone was.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is an excellent time to ask each of you, what is your passive perception?
Tim Sackton: 15.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Where's that?
Mike Sackton: 11.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh, they're targeting.
Kate Sackton: How do I know it that way?
Mike Sackton: It's on your character sheet.
Tim Sackton: Nobody is higher than mine. 12 for Taric, 13 for Kaito, 12 for… I mean…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Alright, lizardfolk Druid.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oops.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Wait, hold on, before he goes to the door, though…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I'm gonna, like, kind of look around, like,
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Is there somewhere to stable my pony?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Should I just…
Mike Sackton: Bring him in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, this is such a good question, the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yes, alden calls out into the house,
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Colden! Colden, are you here? And, my cousin, is,
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Our family has a sort of a sick sense of humor about naming.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And, a similarly shaped and sized man, a sort of a short.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Round, well-muscled, but also, pudgy, guy in…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not identical, but similar, sort of rough.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): homespun,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): comes out and, says, Alden, you're back! And you brought them! Oh, I'm so glad this worked out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Looking over, he sees the pony.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The staples then, and reaches out a hand to take the reins.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What?
Mike Sackton: Competent?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, yeah, he certainly acts competent. And Alden says, sensing your hesitation, not to worry, not to worry. We've…
Mike Sackton: So, Edric's not even really hesitating, he just, he just, like, pats Moss put on the head and says, go with the nice man.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: He, like, he pats his, his, his, his maul at the same time, like, if anything bad happens, we'll come after you, don't worry.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): MOSFET definitely gives…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: called in the side-eye in the way that only the horse can be like, really? Okay.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But, follows off. Alden says the stables are behind the house.
Tim Sackton: As we… as we begin to step in.
Mike Sackton: There was something interesting back there.
Mike Sackton: It all makes sense. You told me to go around?
Mike Sackton: That's what's going around, I get it.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I will… I will wave my hand a little bit, and…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: sort of gesture towards the air and, say a few words under my breath, and I'm gonna use
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Druidcraft to try and make the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Spores I see carried by the wind bloom.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Are they dandelions?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes. Oh, yes.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So you suddenly see, like, a few dandelion flowers, like, bursting into bloom in the air.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sin.
Kate Sackton: It's true, I still believe in roots.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, you notice…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: updates.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: above the door, and, Charo, you do too, there is a motif of, a dandelion puffball, you know, carved, embossed in the stone above the door. It's sort of coat of arms for the house, presumably.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Mostly hidden by… Vines that have overgrown.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Is this, is Kaito, like, this place is creepy?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, I feel like I… I… I didn't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe didn't quite sell this enough.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is a weird, old, perfectly intact rundown, but, like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Intact manor house in the middle of dense and trackless forest?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Like, some… something is not right. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah, but it's like, it's like, you know, sometimes it's something not right in, like, a wondrous kind of way, like, oh, this is… you know, or sometimes it's like.
David S. Kong: Mmm… you know, like, I feel like Kaito has been really uneasy this whole time, and does getting to this place make him, like, more uneasy, or, like, kind of relaxed? Because, like, okay, these people, you know, is it… or is it like, oh, yeah, this is not… this is something as… this is… this feels…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let me offer two different descriptions of the facade of the house, and you all decide which one of them you care for more.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In one description, as you're coming up to the front door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Masfoot already having been led away, look upwards, And your eyes pass over…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: On the top floor, these two windows with the panes out, and the protruding, sort of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ledges, the lintels above them.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Might look nothing more like…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Empty eye sockets opening into darkness, and the arch of the door that you walk through like a mouth into which you're passing.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The vines and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Weeds growing down from the facade, like,
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Tears coming out from empty eye sockets?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Or… It is… Equally, and 100% equally true, to say this is an architectural.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Marvel.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: That this is a remnant of…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Someone with vision and grace.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: who must… you can… this is unimaginably expensive to build. Something that would stand this test of time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): across centuries? And though it's missing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, the window panes are gone, of course they're gone. It's been here for centuries. Like, it is equally true to say this is a masterpiece.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): of…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do any of you have a history? Want to make a history check and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And take a swing at the time period?
Mike Sackton: Easter does not know any history.
Kate Sackton: I rolled a 21.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Oh my god. Yeah. With a 21!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I know I'm once again taking the idea of barred colleges too literally, but, like, you definitely picked up an architecture class for a semester, like a survey of architectural styles.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: this house, Tim, correct me if my years are wrong, this is at least 700 years old. And this, to you,
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: seems like it has the trappings of Drancorian Empire.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The sense of a kind of a monumental, architecture.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: This idea that the form of a house was meant to embody a kind of permanence and dominance in a landscape.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the way that it's put up on the rise, and the spires of the chimneys coming up. They didn't just, like, put on chimneys, they're, like.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: This is gonna be some, like, visible turret-looking shit on top of this thing, like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is, you would not automatically expect to see this type of architecture here, but that.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I mean, it is… to you, it looks like a masterpiece of very late Drancorian architecture. Tim, is that 700 years? Am I getting that right?
Tim Sackton: 750.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: eat, like… Why would you build something here? Are we on, like…
Eric Rosenbaum: inch in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Farmland? Are we near a river?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Sir.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anything?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Redcon that you guys have this conversation right now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): After you've passed through the portcullis gate, and you're coming up.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: towards the house, so… Yeah. You're welcome to have it among yourselves.
David S. Kong: I don't like the space.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: character, I could…
Tim Sackton: say all sorts of things, but in character, I don't know any history.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Right.
David S. Kong: I don't know.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Are we near a river or anything?
David S. Kong: Yeah, this…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: We just must have told him, right?
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I…
Kate Sackton: Colonel went west.
David S. Kong: I kinda, like, kinda…
Mike Sackton: For a while, right? It's not, like, a day's drive.
David S. Kong: Guys, I just wanna say that I kinda wanna go home. I just kinda wanna go home.
David S. Kong: right now. I know… I know I'm normally motivated by things that make sense to go be motivated by, but I kinda want to not.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: go in the gaping mouth place. Like, it's kinda this thing that I'm feeling.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: is inside of me that's saying the gaping mouth hole place is kinda not the vibe.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: What cool old stuff is in there that…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Nobody knows there that, you know, could just suddenly…
Eric Rosenbaum: Just, whoops, it'd end up in your pocket.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But it's also like the gaping mouth is like, we're gonna walk into it, and it's gonna digest us.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
David S. Kong: kinda how I feel about this situation. It's sorta just… Who else?
Eric Rosenbaum: fucking do it.
David S. Kong: that I can go get the pony, and then we just…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Who else votes?
Tim Sackton: Kaito, Kaito, Kaito, Kaito.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yes, yes, what?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I've walked through many woods like this in my years.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I know… You don't like to be so far from the city, but…
Tim Sackton: We can do this, I promise.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: you.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You know, I feel like I'm not on the receiving end of pep talks a lot.
David S. Kong: In our, in our, in our little married crowd, but guys, this is like… I mean, look at this fucking place. This is like, you know…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Like, what…
David S. Kong: Like, are we, you know, like.
David S. Kong: And we don't want to do the…
Kate Sackton: Gardening.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Edric, like…
Mike Sackton: That's how you got it.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: sleep.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Because Edric reaches out and, like.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The Night Queen will watch over us.
David S. Kong: I know, the Night Queen watches over us all the time, I know, I know. The Night Queen's just watching over us right now, I know, Erg, I know, I know, I know, I know. I know the Night Queen is with the…
Mike Sackton: Wait, no, no.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Like, I know, but just… just for a second, like, you guys, I'm normally the one that's like, let's go into the place and get the thing and do it, and I'm normally the one that's like, hey, it's gonna be easy, like, da-da-da. Just…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: You know what I mean? Like, look at the… It's like… It'll be a…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: All will be the way it should be.
Mike Sackton: And Education, I'm gonna.
David S. Kong: At all, Edric, it doesn't… I know, you're so… like, I get the reassure, it's… Let's see, let's.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So, I've been a cat.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna, like, be saying a longer… I'll say a longer prayer to the Night Queen, like, watch over us, blah blah.
David S. Kong: It's just, it's just, I know it's good for you, but that doesn't help me.
Mike Sackton: I've also…
David S. Kong: Well, and I know, and I know, even in an objective way, it is good for me, but it's, like, not good for me in the way that I need to go inside the.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I'm gonna also cast Detect Good or Evil.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Fine, that helps. Okay, fine, fine, I'm down for it. As part of my prayer.
David S. Kong: I'm down for science.
Mike Sackton: That would be detected.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Any Undead, Aberration, Fae, Or… something else.
Mike Sackton: But I'm assuming the pay would be the most interesting, given the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Fae or Fiend. Or Fiend. You also sense whether the Hallow spell is active.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It is not active.
Mike Sackton: Are there any undead, aberration, celestials, fey, or fiends within 30 feet?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like I'm tipping my hand by not giving you an immediate answer.
Mike Sackton: You have to look at.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: map to see whether they're within 30 feet.
Tim Sackton: The undead, for all we know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, dear.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It lasts for 10… what?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: There's nothing… right here, Let's go forward a little bit.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: No, there is none. There is none. None within 30 feet.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Derek!
Mike Sackton: See what's through the door.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: What is your problem?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Cool.
Tim Sackton: Come on, Cater, we're going through the door.
David S. Kong: Oh, you guys! Oh my god, you're so lucky you're a giant lizard.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: God.
Kate Sackton: Boom!
Kate Sackton: The songs we will sing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whistle your way.
David S. Kong: No, I know, you're really good at singing songs, I like it.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Then come in, says Alden.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't want to keep him waiting. I've kept him waiting long enough, and I want him to be glad that we made it here before dark tonight.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Here we go.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: In you go into the house.
David S. Kong: I know.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: entry room.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I, I…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Presumably all of you can't. Yes.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Although he did…
Kate Sackton: You did say you might meet us outside, so I'm a little… but, okay, we'll go in.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The, it looks like, says Alden, we'll need to go up to him. He likes to be up in the observatory.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a wide open room that you come into, this receiving room with arched open doorways, wide doorways, one leading off to the right, to the left, straight ahead of you, and a flight of stairs that leads upwards.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Standing off to your left, well, I should say.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: A thick layer of dust coats everywhere that has not been walked on. It's almost like there are paths through the dust where clearly people have been moving between from room to room. There's a massive staircase that sweeps upwards.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To a second floor, and then to a third floor beyond that you can't see quite as well.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: There's an open, sort of an open section in the middle of the house where the stairs go up, so it's… and on each level, on each of the two levels, you can see, it's almost like a sort of an interior, like, balcony walkway, goes around the center, where there are rooms on the exterior of it. On this floor that you're on, though, that's not the layout, and you can see through to the right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A large room with tall, tall windows that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It feels something like a ballroom or a grand…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: something kind of a room like that on this floor. Off in the back, you can sort of guess or imagine there may be something like a kitchen, other rooms to your left.
David S. Kong: Sorry to interrupt, but just.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: I don't know, like, I know you're giving this amazing, like, physical description, but, like, on the impending doom death scale, like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Zero…
David S. Kong: And, like, are we… like, is… are we… is this… is it… like, how fucking creepy is it in here? You know what I mean? It's… it's like, it's… I get it. It's like, you know, we got all these things.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It's a beautiful.
David S. Kong: house, and it's just like, what's the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Put it in perspective, last month, The five of you… Killed a 12-foot-tall…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Two-headed giant…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: With a clip.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A club that is bigger than every single one of you.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yes.
David S. Kong: Understood, but, but, like, but, like, but just here, you know what I mean?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Rent into that cave!
Kate Sackton: Come on!
David S. Kong: yeah, but this is a creepy house. A cave is fine. A cave is, like, you expect that with a cave, you know what I mean? It's like, this is like, there used to be really good parties here, like, you can tell, like, there were, like, like, it was really, like, there were really great parties here, and that was, like, 800 years ago, you know what I mean? Like, it's like, this is not, you know, it's like,
David S. Kong: It's like everybody that was at that party, their blood got drank at some point in this room, do you know what I mean? It's sort of like that. It's like, it's just… it's just…
David S. Kong: Alright, let's keep going, let's keep going.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: In my mind's eye, I am imagining that conversation unfolding with Iveen.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As the two of you are, like, the last ones walking on…
David S. Kong: Yes, literally. She's, like, trying to tack me off the edge, and I'm just, like, I'm not happy about this at all.
Mike Sackton: Just to remind you, my spell is still active.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Indeed it is.
Tim Sackton: How's a declaration.
Mike Sackton: There's Eddie Fay within 30 feet.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: No fae? I understand that the conceit of this is that this is a feile.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): in the future.
Mike Sackton: That's fine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I get it.
Mike Sackton: So Aldwin, Aldwin is not an, extraterrestrial creature of some kind.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Correct. He's definitely a weirdo. Definitely a weirdo, but not… Not a fact.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So what's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Also, not undead.
Mike Sackton: Edric is actually mostly concerned about undead.
Mike Sackton: That is his… like, the Night Queen is actually one of her main roles as, like, the putter-downer of undead. He sees undead as, like, the problem. He would probably mostly not be thinking about Faye at all.
Mike Sackton: he's mostly thinking about undead here. He's looking around for… also, like, of course, the story of his birth is about undead. So he's, like, looking around when… when… when,
Mike Sackton: Kaito mentions, like, you know, somebody drank their blood somewhere here. He, like, takes his ball out, and is, like, looking around for a vampire.
Mike Sackton: So that's kind of his vibe, like…
Tim Sackton: Let's… Let's go meet this…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep, there are… you can see no vampires, you also… you see no vampires in any of the mirrors on the walls, either.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tarek, we'll just quickly look at…
David S. Kong: Okay, good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tracks in the dust? Like, is there any way to see?
Eric Rosenbaum: Prints of any kind.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): give me an investigation or a nature role…
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's do investigation.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's an 11.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It's not exhaustive, but you definitely see, like, boot prints, you definitely see, like…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Here or there, enough to know… Maybe not every single.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Everything, definitively, Seems like it's made by feet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As you go further up onto the second floor, Alden continues up onto the third. The second floor seems,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to have these… it's… it's a very tall ceiling floor, also, just like the first. The first is maybe, like, a 14-foot ceiling, and these huge, sort of, like, entertaining rooms, also. The second is more like a, I don't know, a 9- or 10-foot ceiling, easily.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You see in the rooms the remains, for the most part, of what, probably were, like, grand bedrooms.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You get a glimpse of what is probably a library, at least what appears to be bookshelves. You can't quite tell, because the night is falling a little bit, how many books there are, but definitely, bookshelves.
Kate Sackton: So are there decaying furnishings, or is it empty space with, like, except for, like, built-in things, like bookshelves?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Here and there, there are a few things that are in pristine condition that you assume
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Must somehow be magically preserved.
Tim Sackton: Alright, man.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): landing.
Tim Sackton: preserved.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, yes, they are magically preserved.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Preservation is the school of magic there. On the landing on the second floor, there is a massive grandfather clock.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That is, still TikToking back and forth.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That looks… Ancient, but still in good shape.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The far side of the landing… the other things in that landing on the second floor that are visible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are there is a…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a very black painting on the far side. This is very dark, you'd need to get a lot closer to see what it is. There are tapestries here and there that are sort of…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Falling to pieces…
David S. Kong: Anything, like, what are the tapestries of? Like, you know, people at parties with their throats slipping?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You…
David S. Kong: Blood pouring out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): God.
David S. Kong: What's the vibe of the tapestries?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They are old enough, dusty enough, and faded enough that you'd have to actually, like, get up to them and do some investigation.
David S. Kong: Yeah, you know, as we're walking through, and, you know, we're… Kaito and, sorry, Kate, what's your character's… Avon?
Tim Sackton: I mean…
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Avian, since we're kind of in the last of the pack, Kaito will, like, just kind of, you know…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, why don't the two of you give me an investigation roll on the closest tapestry?
David S. Kong: 16?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is a tapestry of gardeners in a greenhouse trimming plants.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: like, like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bonsais, maybe?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like a little tree that's up, and they're, like, snipping the root, you know, the way that you do on a bunsai to keep it small.
David S. Kong: I'm gonna look at the next one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is probably the last thing you can get away with before.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Really, obviously, not being with everyone, you're gonna have to hustle to keep up, but give me another investigation.
Kate Sackton: I rolled a 17.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a, another of gardeners in a greenhouse.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a long row of maybe 4 or 5 people, all… you can't tell, even with 17, like, what they're doing exactly, but they've all… they're all working on something, like at a work table in a greenhouse, something with plants, some horticulture.
David S. Kong: What the fuck?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Walden calls back. Come on now, we're almost there, he's just up ahead. We should come in all together.
David S. Kong: Aveen.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: We can still leave.
David S. Kong: We can still…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Leave.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It hasn't gone that far yet.
Kate Sackton: There are tapestries of gardening, and you're terrified?
David S. Kong: They're fucking tapestries of gardening, what the fuck is this place?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: There's two of them!
David S. Kong: Why? Who has two giant tapestries of people gardening? Like, it's not of the trees, or the… it's the of the people…
David S. Kong: Doing the gardening work.
Kate Sackton: Appreciation for your staff, for their artistry, and their care.
David S. Kong: Oh my god, oh my god.
Kate Sackton: Let's go meet them!
Kate Sackton: Yeah, that's good.
David S. Kong: Scott, Scott, Scott, stop.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the third floor is…
David S. Kong: Kaito catches up to Taric.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The third floor is.
Kate Sackton: Also hates plants.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is maybe, like, servants and staff quarters more than, like, living quarters for the people. You get the impression that despite the wall, this place, you know, the wall and porkless and all that good stuff, like, this wasn't designed as, like, a fortification. Like, this was not, like, a military…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): installation or something, so much as, like, a, you know, think of, like, an English countryman or.
David S. Kong: They hosted. They hosted here. They hosted fucking… it's literally Trump Ballroom Associates. It's like they fucking… You know?
Tim Sackton: So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So this floor is, like, the staff floor. The landing's a lot smaller. You see a hallway leading down with lots of small doors off, you assume are all, like, individual servants' quarters. But on the other side of the building, sort of front side, the… it's maybe the more public side, there are two large rooms.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: In one of them, .
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you can see a man standing in front of one of the open windows, and you realize, putting the pieces of the house together, that this is one of the two eyes, one of the two top, excuse me, one of the two architectural marvels.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: At the top of the building, that you saw as you came in, and he's standing in front of it, just looking out for the light, and the field, and the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The shine of the dandelion seeds in the last bit of sunlight that comes over the tops of the trees. The bottom two floors of the house now are entirely in darkness, in the shadow of the trees.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But in this room, shining through the window like a pillar of light, like a golden spotlight, holds a grim.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The Lord of Dandelion House.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Holda, who Alden told you is the second son of a minor lord, someone disinherited, resentful his whole life, that he was…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, not the person ruling over whatever those lands might have been.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Is a man in his mid-40s
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: With a grizzled gray beard and a powerful build.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He stands with the sort of bored alertness that you associate with fighting people, the sort of person who has spent a long time standing still and watching and ready for whatever comes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That assessment is…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Same with me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): by the sword that he wears at his hip. The impression that you get of that is less of a man prepared for combat in the moment, and more of, this is what the Lord of the Manor does. He wears a sword. He's not armored, but he's wearing.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Well-worn, but fine clothes.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: His sleeves are pulled up to the elbows, and you can see a criss-cross web of…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Long-heeled scars on his forearms and on his face, too.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: A long cut that interrupts his beard on one side of his face.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: alden announces each of you by name.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In elaborate style. My lord, I have the pleasure of presenting.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And one after another introduces, you, nodding and gesturing. His back is still towards you this entire time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As the sunlight.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Slowly climbs up his body, the last rays of it shining in through the window.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You in the doorway, are already in darkness.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And by the time the long and elaborate introductions have finished, Jinaldin continues on with your bona fides, and the feats that you've done, and the…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Jobs that you've pulled, the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Treasures that you've collected for various people.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: A sort of a…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A summary of everything and the stories that you've shared with him over these last few days on the road.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That you thought, probably, were just idle chat around the fire, but realize now maybe he was…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Collecting and probing exactly for this purpose.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When at last he finishes all of that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The last rays of light disappear from the room.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And hold a grim.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Lord of Dandelion Keep turns to face you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Looking over you, appraisingly, Looking over you… Mmm…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You've had this sort of look before, this sense of sizing you up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And you've seen it both from prospective employers trying to gauge whether you're really capable of doing the thing they're sending you off to do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And you've also seen that in the looks of people about to draw on you and start a fight, wondering if they can take you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That sort of ambiguous look from a dangerous person, whether it's an enemy or a friend.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: He takes a deep breath, and sighs, and says.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: In a not unfriendly way, welcome.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Welcome, welcome. I know it was a long…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: journey to get here, and I appreciate it.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Are you hungry?
David S. Kong: No.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yeah, that you mentioned.
Kate Sackton: We did skip lunch.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Ulden… Lead us down to the kitchen, please. Let's find food for everyone.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Back down the stairs you go, down to the kitchen. Where he… Invites you to… oh,
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: The kitchen has all sorts of magical stuff in it. So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tim, among the things…
Kate Sackton: Does that have magical light?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: it has magical lamps, but they are not lit. So, like, there are… rather, there are wall sconces with candles that, Tim, you see do radiate magic, but they're not currently illuminated. So it is gloomy. It is gloomy bordering on dark.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In the kitchen, though, there's a cheerful fire going in the fireplace, a non-magical fire and a non-magical fireplace.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: But there is a bar…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Next to the sink on one side of the room, a small metal rod about 2 inches in diameter and 6 inches long, affixed into a bracket that is magical.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: There is also a chest in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): one corner of the room that is magical, and you can actually feel the cold coming off of it. You've probably seen in Toland some variety of an ice-chesty sort of thing like that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then finally, there is, among the cupboards that completely line all the sides of the room.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: There is one of them, which…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): radiates magic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In the center of the room, there is a large stone table and sturdy wooden chairs. It appears that he's collected all of the intact chairs left over from the various rooms in the house and brought them here.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And there are probably a dozen or 15 chairs around the room, fewer around the table.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: He gestures for you to sit down, he sits down too, and Alden goes to the icebox and starts to bring out,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cold roast chicken, and cold vegetables, and goes to the cupboard and brings out a large loaf of freshly baked bread from that.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: magical cupboard, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So it's about carving it up and setting out the.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Places and everything.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Before we start.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Says Lord Hilda. I know you… you must be…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tired and weary from your travels, please. And he gestures to the little iron bar on the counter next to the sink. If you would, before we go further, just give it a tap. It'll clean you up for dinner.
David S. Kong: Before we do anything else, is he a Faye?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nope.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is a… Humanity human.
Mike Sackton: He's not a vampire. Endrick is not worried about Faye, just to be clear. He's worried about undead. That guy said something about the undead. He's, like, constantly like, wait, are there undead here?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not fae, not undead. Regular person, as far as you can tell. Regular. Degler.
Eric Rosenbaum: Eric taps the bar.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and all of yourself and clothes and hands are cleaned, magically. It's one of those, Cleaning bar.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Thanks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So…
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, under the guise of…
Eric Rosenbaum: finishing the process of getting cleaned off. He assesses its,
Eric Rosenbaum: The type and security of the attachment, so…
Mike Sackton: It might be.
Eric Rosenbaum: bar to the…
David S. Kong: million percent.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't care.
David S. Kong: 100%. Give me a…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sleight of hand roll, contested by Hulda's, passive perception.
David S. Kong: No, no, no, no, as… no, no, because this is not our first time. As… as a… Taric… is it Taric, or…
David S. Kong: Target.
Eric Rosenbaum: Eric, that's a… that's a 13.
David S. Kong: Oh, like, literally terrifying. No, no, no, but Kaito is coming over to block the view to also go and clean himself, and he's like…
David S. Kong: hand around, around, around Terex.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like… like a belly.
David S. Kong: Yeah, this is just… this is, yeah, he just taps the, you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll give you advantage on sleight of hand and disadvantage on the perception.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sell real again, that was a 13… And a 20 that time.
David S. Kong: This is why we do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: in the total.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Quintoto, not a natural smell, okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let me roll dice, just in case.
David S. Kong: This is how we do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wouldn't You are very lucky.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That is well above a 20 on the second roll.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But no, he, you!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You don't… Obi- it's not like you just, like, rotate it counterclockwise and it pops off in your hand.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the strong impression you get is that if you set your mind to it, within a couple of minutes, maybe 10 minutes if it's bad, you could probably pop this thing out.
Eric Rosenbaum: So now, you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The bar is magic, but the bracket it's set in is not.
David S. Kong: Holy fuck, dude.
David S. Kong: What do you think?
David S. Kong: Like, he's like… like, so, so, okay. So, Kena's giving you the eye contact, like.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I… I shake, I shake, like, not right now, like…
David S. Kong: Allocated everything.
David S. Kong: Fair around.
Tim Sackton: Kind of moved… moved to clean…
Tim Sackton: myself off and break them up a little bit.
David S. Kong: We know what's going on here.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're just angry, you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You've seen this go wrong before.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah. If you try.
Kate Sackton: And that's still be from our employers before the job.
David S. Kong: That's even shirted.
Tim Sackton: No, it's after the job is finished.
Eric Rosenbaum: feeling anymore.
David S. Kong: Exactly, who's stealing?
Eric Rosenbaum: We're just redistributing.
David S. Kong: Oh, Uneasy…
Kate Sackton: Aveen taps the bar, too.
David S. Kong: Okay, at this point, Kaito… because nobody's had any direct… Lord Aldis… what's the name of the guy? Lord what?
Tim Sackton: Hold up.
David S. Kong: And sorry, just meta, like, what is our… what is our… what… why do we think we're here again?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: To clean out his basement, right?
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Exactly why you think you're here.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: So, At this point,
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Kaito, Kaito is, like, kind of accepting his faith, alright, we're gonna, we're gonna be here, we're gonna do this thing, so he just kind of shifts gears entirely and, like, walks right up to Lord Hulda.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: And then, you know, gives, like, a very, very deep bow, like, with a flourish. And, you know, kind of stands up straight.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: looks around… And… and it's… and it's basically, like, Lord Hulda.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: It's an honor to be here in your home.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: He responds both with,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): smile of appreciation, and the barest hint of a raised eyebrow. Suspicious of this being laid on too thick, but.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Receives it graciously.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Nope.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Before we sit down for dinner with Lord Hulda, I have to go use the bathroom, let's take a 5-minute break, and come back for dinner.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Perfect. Cool.
David S. Kong: Also, I have a 17 charisma, that landed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alden spreads out.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: On the table, all of the food is assembled, and you are all clean.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Sit down to eat.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Boom.
Mike Sackton: The music is way loud.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That was intense.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As he sits at the head of the table and begins to dig in and cut his food, he says, you're probably…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You're probably curious about the details, you're probably wondering…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why, you're here?
Mike Sackton: Yes?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: For almost 30 years, I've been… an adventurer.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: A sellsword, sometimes, a guard, a…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: mercenary, a treasure hunter, I've worked for… Half the organizations in…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sambara and…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Even more in Tolin for… Wizards and kings and…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I had all sorts of victories and successes. I had all sorts of losses. I made my fortune and lost it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: A few times over, And what I knew… Hmm…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Especially after this last one.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Is that the best days are behind me.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And I have never quite come to anything, the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The party was ending, you know that feeling when a party's breaking up?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You can feel that… That the peak has already passed, but…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But there you are, still stuck there.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Last winter, there was a… A wormling, a young dragon who came down from the…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: mountains to the north and east of Tolin, and…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It was me and a team that I led.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): who…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: went out and… Killed it and brought the trophy back.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And this surprises the five of you, because you had at least vaguely heard of this, over this last winter. It was sort of a…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, it's sort of an unusual thing for a dragon to be that far south and out of the mountains, not that it was a massive ancient thing, but…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But it's celebrated, right? It's unusual, remarkable.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He says.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I should have been happy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the truth was…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Everyone I went there with died except for me?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And this dragon…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Had come looking, had come…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Hungary, it had no territory, it had no… Treasure?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I got back to Tolin…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And sure, they started writing a song about me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I woke up the next morning, and I realized…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All of my friends were dead?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): My purse was… No bigger than it was when I began 3 decades ago.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What was left for me? It was a bitter…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It was a difficult day. I was owed more. My whole life.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And I hadn't gotten it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It was a bitter thing to wake up to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But strangers still, Stranger still that later that same day.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): into the inn I was staying at.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Eating my lunch, trying my hardest to get ferociously drunk and failing by about noon, Into that same inn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Walked!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): an elf, and here's the thing, you… you know Toland, you know there are strange characters in that city.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, sometimes when a person says they're a thing, and you know they're not that thing, but you don't quite know what they are.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or who they work for, or what that really means.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He walked into the room, directly over to my table, and sat down across from me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And took out this. And in this moment, he takes out from his pocket a sheet of paper, and unfolds it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And he puts it on the table, and he slides it over to me, and he slides it into the middle of the table then.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a deed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a deed… of inheritance… 4… Me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And the self proceeds to tell me the strangest story that is attested to on the piece of paper in front of him. Now, the five of you looking at this paper can clearly tell this is an ancient, this is an old document. This thing is brittle.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In fact, when he unfolds it, you can see, this is not a person used to taking care of archival documents, because as he unfolds it, you know, little bits of it are, like, flaking off as it goes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And one should not put a 500-year-old deed in the middle of a dinner table.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But there he puts it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If you read this, You see that it names me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But this document doesn't just… Name… Name me by name!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It names me by birth?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And lists my father's father going back 3 generations.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not only does it name me by birth and family, It names me by… The deeds I've done…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the things that I'm… known for…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The accomplishments that I've had, the ones that, even if they didn't bring me money, at least they were known.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And remembered.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nay!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know how you all… Feel about elves.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And he, glances over you without, meeting eye contact.
David S. Kong: Kaito gives them a tip of the, you know, tip of the proverbial cap.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But as a man nearing 50, it's uncomfortable to me to sit down with someone.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: 20 times older than me? I don't even know.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He tells me this story.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He says…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that… Hundreds of years ago.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: When he was young, a young librarian, archivist, I forget what he calls himself exactly, this elf.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: A man entrusted this contract to him.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And it's sad… entrusted it to him, and, I don't know, paid some sort of unfathomable…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): some, I don't know how this thing works, like, with elves across centuries.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Paid some kind of a sum.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: For the elf's organization to hold it in trust, for… I don't know, 400 years?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And that… It had to be delivered to me…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: In a specific time, in a specific place, on a specific day.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Only after I had done all of the things that it required.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And that would be the way that this Delphi.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Or whoever would know my identity.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And that I would know it was a… Legitimate.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Deed of inheritance.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He slid it across the table to me, and I read it over, just as you can if you'd like to, and at least at first glance, it appears to be exactly what he says. It deeded to me this…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: house? This… dandelion? House?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And all the lands surrounding it for dozens of miles. I mean, this is a massive…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Massive estate, overgrown.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And in the middle of nowhere, though it may be.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Leaded to me this house, And all the treasures therein contained.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Including the stores of gold and riches, unspecified in the contract, but alluded to.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: on one condition, and in fact, I just gave it away. It turns out it isn't just a deed.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: but also a contract. I had to sign onto it.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Because down there at the bottom, what it says is that
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Locked in a room in the basement.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Is the doom of the house.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And that the house will never belong to me.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Unless I step through the door in the floor.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And convinced the man on the other side of it
Audio shared by David S. Kong: To bring his long-held treaty to an end.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That was as specific as it is. I've pulled all sorts of jobs for all sorts of people over the years.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): On the scale of vagueness, this one is probably right in the middle. So I signed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I committed myself to it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): My whole life, this is what I've been owed, and finally…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I could have it, of course it's worth…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): negotiating the end to a treaty of all the things I've done, how hard can that really be?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I came here…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And I went through the door…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And I met the man on the other side, and I was… Unable to convince him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So I thought that others might be more persuasive than me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And here we are.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In return, For convincing this man to end his treaty, Whatever it might be, I'll give you half…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): of the value.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Of all of the gold, And all of the coin… And all of the jewels.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And all of the rot.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Jewelry.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which is the treasure court of this house.
Mike Sackton: What language is the contract written in?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you want to pick it up and read it?
Mike Sackton: That.
Mike Sackton: I mean, can we see the words from here, or no?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's written in, yeah, it's written in Simbaran.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And if anyone wants to give it an investigation, close read, you're welcome to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tarek is interested in.
Eric Rosenbaum: forging contracts and so forth. Usually he forges, like, jewelry, but… Or, like, you know, fakes… more minor documents.
Eric Rosenbaum: And less ancient things, but he licks his finger and has a look.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Give me a investigation check.
David S. Kong: As Tarek is reading and looking at this, Kaito just, like.
Eric Rosenbaum: 19.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, Kaito stands up.
David S. Kong: Puts his hands on the table, like…
David S. Kong: looks at… what's his name again? Lord Holden?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Holder, yeah.
David S. Kong: Hold on.
David S. Kong: That was the best fucking story anybody has ever told.
David S. Kong: Let's go meet this man.
David S. Kong: Like, a book of just total conviction, like, whatever, like, fear and hesitation and whatever the hell you've been feeling before is so all-in. He, like, walks straight up to Holda and is like, that was fucking awesome.
David S. Kong: Let's go and convince this man.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like, yo, yo, we gotta see the chunk first.
David S. Kong: And you kid is kind of like… I am so pumped.
David S. Kong: This is gonna be…
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't want half a little hoard, you know? We're just like…
David S. Kong: He chuckles and says.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): eat, eat, eat.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know what I'm saying?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You didn't talk first.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In the morning. In the morning.
David S. Kong: I'm hype.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, Eric, you rolled a 19?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yep.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: With 19, you take a careful, slow read through the document, and you see that it is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Exactly as he described, like… This is definitely dude not used to reading documents or contracts or wills, so…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Certainly, he elided a whole lot of formal language and extracted the heart of it, but it is exactly as he says.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There is something…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Slightly…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Some… some tickle at the back of your brain is like…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Some… you know there's something weird about this, but you can't…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You can't put it together. It's not magic, if anyone's still got your tech magic up.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Like, there's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there's something about it that… where, like, the parts don't fit together. You know, like, when you read a… I don't know, you read an article or something, you're like, wait, wait a minute, the…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Those things don't go together, like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But you can't put your finger on it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: So wait…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I am not a lawyer.
David S. Kong: I've never been more excited for a job in my entire life, guys.
Mike Sackton: You, you, you met this guy?
David S. Kong: Huh?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, he… he…
Mike Sackton: You went through the, you went through the door?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
David S. Kong: So tell us about that.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What was… what was there?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It was a path to a…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: another… I mean, it was a… there was a big… Manor house?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I mean, not… not like… this, but… but similar? This sort of grand… Manor house, and
Audio shared by David S. Kong: a whole lot of people there, and I found the lord of the Manor, and… and .
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Had a conversation with him, and he was sort of an asshole, and…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: things got a little heated, I… in fairness, I have may have been a little bit demanding, I…
David S. Kong: Weapons?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He… here's the thing, he says.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And his face shifts like iron, and his fists clench.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: In most situations, I find I can be extremely persuasive.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And then he sighs, and loosens it, and says, and…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I was not persuasive to him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, in fact.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): persuasive to me to leave quickly, and I did.
Tim Sackton: What was the treaty?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We didn't get that far.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We… we.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we got off on the wrong foot. I mean, right out of the gate. We just… Oil and water.
David S. Kong: You try to…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): John, it… yeah.
David S. Kong: After you let… could you go back again, or is that, like, one shot and that was it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Any words were said.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I got the impression I was not welcomed.
Eric Rosenbaum: As you tried to…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: You tried to persuade him using a kind of intimidation. You are, to be… to be frank, you are intimidating.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did you get a sense of what…
Eric Rosenbaum: What?
Eric Rosenbaum: What kind of a carrot as opposed to a stick?
Eric Rosenbaum: Might be relevant.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He wanted to… I…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know those people you talk to, and you feel like they're just playing games with you?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's what I felt like. I wanted to cut straight to the center of things, That's my nature.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But he ju- he… Sometimes. I didn't want to play, you know?
David S. Kong: Sometimes you gotta go around to get through.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's what I disagree.
Mike Sackton: fuck.
David S. Kong: Yeah, just… Edrick.
David S. Kong: We know that the stables are behind the house, and you got… okay, but just…
Mike Sackton: I'm just making a joke.
Eric Rosenbaum: for insight.
Mike Sackton: I get it, I get it.
David S. Kong: No, no, yeah, no, no, we know, we know, it's a very little funny joke, yeah, it's great.
Mike Sackton: Charo laughed.
David S. Kong: No, it was legitimately funny, we all, we all…
Mike Sackton: Try it.
David S. Kong: We all laughed in various ways, some outside laughing, some inside laughing, but there was all laughing. Don't worry, it was all laughing.
Mike Sackton: I've learned to appreciate the inside laughing the most.
David S. Kong: You've grown so much! You've grown so much! Because you didn't appreciate the inside laughter when we first met, and now you know that there's so much inside laughing.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Ugh.
David S. Kong: So much of the laughter is on the inside. Okay, so… so, wait, but back to the treaty again, so you only spoke to him that one time. You leveraged persuasive techniques that might have been more on the side instead of the, you know, side, and so…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In one of defense, techniques that have been extremely successful.
David S. Kong: Oh, we know, we know you. I mean, we've heard of you, we've heard of you, for sure. I mean, the whole Wyvern thing, I mean, it's, it's, you know, you were in the news. I mean, we knew about it.
David S. Kong: So, wait, so are you… are you suggesting, then… what advice do you have for us, so that we might be more persuasive based on your encounter?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Don't…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what I did?
David S. Kong: Now, we haven't… I personally have not read this document closely, perhaps my colleagues have, but
David S. Kong: If we were to convince this person.
David S. Kong: Are we doing this on your behalf?
David S. Kong: As it is your name that is written inside this document, or are we,
David S. Kong: you know, are we your proxies here, or what's the… or do we need to be added to the document? You know, the document feels pretty important, like, what's the deal here?
Eric Rosenbaum: Ung.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I mean, I'm… I'm hiring you for a job.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The… Completion of the job triggers the success condition in the contract, and then the.
David S. Kong: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Horde becomes available, the house becomes mine, we split the money, it's…
David S. Kong: Got it, got it. And just to say… oh, go ahead, go ahead, Terry.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we look at the horde?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Here's the thing, until… I fulfill the condition of the contract, I don't have access to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do you know it's there?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, I mean, it says it right there in the contract, unsuccessful completion of the end of the treaty.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the, rightful owner of the house, that's me, it gets mentioned above, will be entitled to the, you know, the, the treasure hoard, which will otherwise, not be, it's all there, it's in, it's in the… you can read it.
Mike Sackton: Couldn't that just be, like, one coin?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I've thought about this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I've thought about this a lot.
Mike Sackton: Not that I care.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Never.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He gives you a funny look at that.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And you're right, it could be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Every fiber of my being, every bone in my body says.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I mean, look at this place!
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Look at this place!
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Look at what's just here in the kitchen! This is…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is… money. This is… this is not money. This is not money. This is not riches. This is wealth.
David S. Kong: I agree with you totally. I also, I agree with you totally. This is my, this is what changed for me as well. Yeah. I think we're in for a good, good situation here. How do we trust you that we're actually going to be able to get half from you? What's our parlay here?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: There's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Five of you, and one of me, if it comes to that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it'd be about a fair fight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Kate Sackton: But I don't…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we'll come to that. I'm happy to swear whatever oath you like by whatever gods you prefer.
Kate Sackton: I mean, what are the normal terms of our contracts?
Kate Sackton: We swore whatever else we like to whatever god we prefer, and it usually works out.
David S. Kong: Frisky?
Kate Sackton: question.
Kate Sackton: Strategic question.
Kate Sackton: You gotta go through a particular trapdoor on the floor, and negotiate with a particular person.
Kate Sackton: Do you just stumble right into his face the minute you get there, or is there any exploring around that might give you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, no, yeah.
Kate Sackton: his… his vibe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You'll go down the road a little ways, maybe like a mile or two, and then you take a right. You cannot miss the entrance to this. It's… it's up on a hill, it's this big house, and you don'.
Mike Sackton: Wait, hold on, wait, stop, go back.
Mike Sackton: Down the road?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You pop out on the other side.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's like a… I mean, a pa… it's not like a… It's not paved, but you…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You pop out on the other side, you go down the…
Mike Sackton: The other side… wait, hold on. The other side of what?
David S. Kong: the door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You go through the door on the floor, you come out the other side, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you go down the road a couple miles, you take a right, you can't miss the gate. Go in, ask for the Lord of the manor.
Tim Sackton: I think the sensible question that…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): complicated.
Tim Sackton: Edric is trying to ask is,
Tim Sackton: How is there a road underneath the house?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I have no idea.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The door does not come out the place you go in.
Tim Sackton: So how did you get back?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I left it propped open.
Mike Sackton: So if you shut the door… we come back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What do you mean?
Kate Sackton: We'll leave it propped open again, presumably.
Mike Sackton: But, but if, but if you closed the door…
David S. Kong: Yeah, but he needs us to do the thing, so why would he close the door?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, okay. If you trust him, I trust him.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I, like, okay, look, just, just, I went from being, let's get the fuck out of here, to now I'm totally with this guy. So, just, let's, let's go, we gotta, we gotta go.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But, I mean…
David S. Kong: Okay, here's the thing. Everything that we've done in the past.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We've known what we were gonna get, and we've known that whatever that was, was fine.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Right? In this situation, the whatever we could get, if it's half of…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I feel like… I feel like this is, like, a time where our ability to think about arithmetic, and there's, like, the big number over the bar, and then there's the other number below the bar, and when the number above the bar is, like, really, really big, and you divide that by 2, I think that's gonna be a lot larger than the other things that we've done, like, all combined.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That's my…
David S. Kong: Greed of the situation.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You know what I'm really excited about?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Ending a treaty, because who knows?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: what, new…
Eric Rosenbaum: Undoubtedly, totally peaceful conditions will arise from that.
David S. Kong: Who are you?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That's cool, what are you talking?
David S. Kong: Have you been hanging around? Are Edric and Aveen, like, rubbing off on you in, like, strange ways? Like, what's the…
David S. Kong: That's what you're excited about in this whole situation?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I cannot imagine that one treaty is what's holding the universe together, you know?
Eric Rosenbaum: But what is it holding together?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We're keeping apart.
David S. Kong: Did you eat mushrooms or something before? Like, what's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are you…
David S. Kong: Tarek, are you, like… what's the…
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, maybe you're misunderstanding me. This, the treaty thing…
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It feels like an interesting complication, that's all I'm saying.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, this is fair, you know, as…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In fairness, I thought this would be extremely straightforward, and I…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Despite my considerable skill, was unsuccessful.
Kate Sackton: Is there any prohibition, or did this person…
Kate Sackton: There's nothing in the contract, but did this person make any statements, like…
Kate Sackton: trespassers are not welcome to roam my… paths or anything like that? Are we gonna have to be stealthy, or can we invest in?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It was pretty specific to me in particular. Again, there were words said that can't be unsaid, but…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But that… it was very… it was… it…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, I'm a big enough man to admit when I'm wrong.
David S. Kong: Guys, I think we just gotta go and check it out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Seems logical.
David S. Kong: You know?
Kate Sackton: I think it's logical to go… Into the interesting door.
Kate Sackton: Leave it propped open.
Kate Sackton: and explore.
Kate Sackton: In a way that eventually leads us to a conversation.
Kate Sackton: that might… and a treaty.
Kate Sackton: But not… necessarily… Choose to have that conversation till we have, perhaps, a little more information?
David S. Kong: This is why that you… this is why we have you on the team.
David S. Kong: Well thought out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What was that?
Tim Sackton: the guy's name?
David S. Kong: Contrast and styles.
Tim Sackton: Holda, do you… Lord… sorry, Lord Holda, do you remember…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I… you know, we didn't get that far.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can'.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I cannot overemphasize how little conversation we actually had.
David S. Kong: Did you just draw on them right away? Is that what happened? Like, did you just… you did, didn't you? You kind of just…
Eric Rosenbaum: Went straight for the…
David S. Kong: I mean, you kinda…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Again, in similar situations in the past, that has been successful.
David S. Kong: But see, which for me feels strange, because you've got… you've got that storytelling ability, you just did such a compelling job, you swayed me completely.
David S. Kong: Like, if you pulled out even an ounce of that, you know, when it mattered the most, we wouldn't even be here, and you'd have 100% of the hoard. You ever think about that?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I do, goddammit, and I don't like thinking about it.
David S. Kong: I can feel the regret.
Mike Sackton: same…
Mike Sackton: Does he seem like… is there something, like, I don't know, I'm…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: have insight.
Mike Sackton: Does he seem like… He's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, give me a roll.
Mike Sackton: weird that… I feel like it's a little bit off.
David S. Kong: I totally trust him.
Mike Sackton: that… I mean, I rolled a 3, so I got a 6.
Mike Sackton: But… Acts like…
David S. Kong: Completely.
Mike Sackton: looking for, like, I don't know, I just feel a little bit off about his insistence he doesn't know the guy's name. Like, it just seems odd to me that he would draw on somebody immediately.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I… You know, I think, I think with that role.
Mike Sackton: It can go on seeming odd.
David S. Kong: Get it out. I think the concept… that 3. I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): with that role, like, Maybe the way I would describe it is, like.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: it, it's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): feels odd to you, and then you talk yourself out of it. Right. Really clearly. Like, no, no, no, this guy's an adventurer, he's a sellsword, like, he is a… he is a straight line sort of person, like, you can imagine, like, you're not like a… an angry dude that sort of way, but you're like a straight.
Mike Sackton: Yay!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Mind solves problems kind of thing, so you can, like, empathetically imagine, alright, this…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When you've got a hammer, everything looks like a nail, you know?
Mike Sackton: Sure, yeah.
David S. Kong: metagame, metagame, Kaito is totally gonna end up as whoever that dude… he's gonna end up, like, the servant of that guy. Like, that… this is… this is how…
David S. Kong: Kaito's story is gonna end. I don't know how it's gonna end there. It's gonna be great.
Kate Sackton: I'm appreciating this version of you, Kaito, so I'm not even gonna see if you're charmed, because this has been a very abrupt change, but…
David S. Kong: fairly normal behavior. I mean, you know, Keita's, like, kinda…
David S. Kong: Constantly fidgety, a little mood swingy. This is, like, pretty, pretty, pretty typical. This is not outside of character at all.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we have a deal, then? he says, looking around the table.
David S. Kong: I'm in.
Kate Sackton: Let's go!
Tim Sackton: my knowledge.
Kate Sackton: I mean…
Tim Sackton: We came all this way.
Kate Sackton: A good rest. Let's give it a shot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who knows what we'll find, it'll be interesting, at the very least.
Kate Sackton: Put our best foot forward in the morning.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Very good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alden will show you the quarters on the third floor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Make yourselves at home, help yourself to anything in the kitchen.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Feel free to look around the house if you'd like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But don't go in the basement tonight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That, we'll wait for the morning. We'll do together.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That's weird.
David S. Kong: Good thing to say right before bed.
David S. Kong: Kaito then laughs. Kaito then laughs. And as, like, as everybody's, like, getting ready to go to bed, Kaito's, like… like, Kaito's, like, like, really stoked now. He's, like, whatever he was feeling before, and is, like, gonna see… we don't have to roleplay this, but Kaito's basically gonna see if, if, what? Lord Hulda? Holda?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bulldog, yeah.
David S. Kong: Hold up.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He's been.
David S. Kong: basically gonna see if Holda wants to, like, hang out for a little while, because, like, Kaito's kind of just, like, stoked now. He just wants to, like, hear some stories of Holda's, like, adventures and, like, what he's done, and kind of, like, you know, really cool shit that he's done, and, you know, all, you know, he's… if he's up for it, Kaito wants to hear.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When you're back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tonight, rest. It's an early day tomorrow. A very early day.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I'm an elf, though, dude. I don't… I don't rest. I just need to… I just, like, walk around for 4 hours. It's cool.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He says with a chuckle, not all of us are elves.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And stands up and leaves the room.
David S. Kong: That makes me trust you less, alright.
David S. Kong: He didn't say that enough.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Alright, he's out, Alda, excuse me, Alden is, nearby. If you need anything, he can show you to your rooms. What?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there anything y'all would like to do before bed?
David S. Kong: Guys, I'm stoked. What do you all think?
David S. Kong: What's everybody's stoke level?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: like…
Eric Rosenbaum: voilary.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Charo, 1 out of 10, where are you? I'm a 10.
Tim Sackton: I'm happy for you.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I feel like a 5. How about you, Edric? Where are you at?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Don't…
Mike Sackton: Doorways that don't go to the right spots creep me out a little bit.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You sound like a 2. How about you, Tarek? Where are you with this?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I mean… My experience with, like.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: contracts, is there a way for people to steal stuff from you?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: But maybe we'll have a way to steal stuff back?
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we'll find something interesting on the way.
David S. Kong: We're not in the contract.
David S. Kong: Which is maybe bad, or is that good? We're not in the contract, are we? Are we, like, written in there like there's, like, a whole… there's a group of 5 people that's gonna show up and blah blah blah?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Nothing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Essentially.
Tim Sackton: Am not.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Just to… A little wisdom here.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: gate out.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I'm not optimistic about the treasure here.
David S. Kong: How is it that… how is it that I was the one going into this that was a zero, and you all are all like, Kaito, everything's gonna be fine, let's go into the weird, creepy house that looks like a head, everything's gonna be cool. And then as soon as we get there, and the guy's like, there's infinite treasure in the basement, and you can have half of it, all of a sudden, I'm the only one that's like, hey, let's get all the sauce from treasure, and you guys are all, like, what the hell is going on here? What is with this dynamic?
Tim Sackton: It's…
Mike Sackton: Well, so, it's very simple.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The weird, creepy house.
Mike Sackton: Did not have any vampires.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: in it.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that's good!
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The door through the basement, goes to some other world.
Mike Sackton: That has who knows what in it.
David S. Kong: Yeah, but the other world, we just need to get the other guy to say yes, and then we get the infinite treasure divided by 2. You know what infinity divided by 2 is? Infinity!
Mike Sackton: I'm not good at getting people to say yes if I can't hit.
David S. Kong: Yeah, leave that to me, dude, that's my thing! I do the singing and the convincing and all that stuff!
Tim Sackton: Hato, I am…
Kate Sackton: The greatest song.
Tim Sackton: Elvish math there, but…
David S. Kong: It's not elvish math, by the way, racist math guy.
David S. Kong: That's just mad.
Mike Sackton: Anyway…
David S. Kong: It's just math.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know a guy who will buy your Infinity very discreetly.
Tim Sackton: Does it not seem like…
Tim Sackton: Something else is going on here?
David S. Kong: Wait, are you guys not wanting to do this now?
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, I definitely want to do it. Like, we came all this way, we should go through the trap door. I mean, who wouldn't…
Kate Sackton: That's what we're hired for.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just want to find out what's going on, and pick its damn podcast.
Tim Sackton: I'm just saying.
David S. Kong: There's the guy I know.
Tim Sackton: I'm… all I'm doing, Kaito, is trying to prepare you for disappointment.
David S. Kong: like.
Tim Sackton: And we learn, inevitably.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: That there is one gold piece for us to split, or…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: There is no treaty, or…
Tim Sackton: Florida has been lying to us all along.
David S. Kong: Or is it… or is it, like, a figurative treasure, and not, like, actual things?
Tim Sackton: The treasure is the memories we made along the way.
David S. Kong: Yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: Half of our memories.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that's a good point.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I did.
Mike Sackton: We treasure the memories we made along the way.
David S. Kong: I do check that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Paul, the grandfather clock chimes 10 o'clock.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I just hope that Terek's point about.
Kate Sackton: Treaties being generally a good thing.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Doesn't come to… Make me regret this.
Tim Sackton: Maybe we'll decide the treaty is not something that can be broken, and we won't be able to finish the job. I'm just saying, I'm…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We came out here, we've got nothing better to do, Let's go through the door…
Tim Sackton: Keep your eye out, maybe we can come back with something.
Kate Sackton: Hold on, just… Whatever's to the door.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: committed to Lord Holda's story. Hold on, metagame? There's… We need to go through, convince the guy to do what again?
Kate Sackton: And it is treaty.
David S. Kong: Do we know what the terms of the treaty are?
Eric Rosenbaum: No!
David S. Kong: We know who the treaty is with.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: No?
Kate Sackton: No!
Eric Rosenbaum: This is what I was talking about.
Kate Sackton: be like… it keeps the flaming death monsters from coming into Toland.
Kate Sackton: It could be the treaty that keeps the flaming death monsters out of control.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: We convince him to break the treaty, then we get half of an unknown treasure that could be…
David S. Kong: Good vibes.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David S. Kong: No money at all.
Tim Sackton: That is correct.
David S. Kong: Man.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, who's behind this contract?
Tim Sackton: I'm not saying…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Don't be excited, Kaito.
Tim Sackton: I love your…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It could be a terrible, oppressive treaty, and we end it, and we get piles of diamonds. That could happen, too.
Tim Sackton: Hit that one.
Eric Rosenbaum: A positive attitude there, yes.
David S. Kong: Man, now you guys are having me doubt this whole situation.
Tim Sackton: No, there's nothing to doubt. I'm… we're not gonna walk back all the way through the woods without seeing what's underneath the trapdoor.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's for sure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alden pokes his head in and says,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I have to retire for the evening. The sconces work like this, though.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And he…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Taps a Waskconce twice, and the candle bursts into flames.
Mike Sackton: Could you show me to the stable? I'd like to check on muscles.
David S. Kong: Ugh.
David S. Kong: I give up. Let's go to bed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure.
David S. Kong: Metagame, are we gonna… should we… should we walk through this portal before we, I feel like we should walk through the portal.
Tim Sackton: I feel like we should walk through the portal and then…
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a cliffhanger of some kind.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I think we potentially have, like, 20… 20-ish minutes? Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Let's do it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Close well?
Eric Rosenbaum: Awesome.
Kate Sackton: Let's go do it!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Stoked.
Kate Sackton: Alright, they all fall asleep, they all wake up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For the sake of moving the narrative forward, the stables are crummy and overgrown and decrepit, but Moss Foot is doing just fine, and there's…
David S. Kong: Or an explos.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I need to eat, and…
Mike Sackton: I was just like…
David S. Kong: What's behind the door? What's behind the door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's a whole bin of dandelion greens that have been collected. You go back up the stairs to your room, you pass the…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: clock and the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tapestries, and the library, and head upwards to your, to your chambers for the night.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Before… before I go to bed, I'm gonna cast Goodberry.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And I'm gonna give everybody 2 Good Berries, which last for 24 hours.
Tim Sackton: They provide sufficient nourishment to sustain you for one day, and they restore one day.
Eric Rosenbaum: But you can still eat lunch if you want.
Tim Sackton: You can still eat less.
Kate Sackton: them in our pockets, we don't eat them now.
Tim Sackton: Yes, they're in your pockets in case, you know, you need food or something.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Or a hit point.
Tim Sackton: Or one input.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Anything else you want to do before bed? Nope.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Very good.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: to…
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, pilfered.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, absolutely, where do you want to go?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What's a good… yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're in a manor house.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Quick pulperance, we've got 50 minutes.
David S. Kong: Go for later.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Bathroom fixtures.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dining room set?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I mean, there's some silverware that's probably silver, it's very tarnished, you could probably… Pocket some of that?
Eric Rosenbaum: One spoon.
David S. Kong: You should do a more deliberate pilfering at the beginning of next session, and we'll play it out.
Tim Sackton: No, we gotta go through the portal.
David S. Kong: We gotta go to the door before we go to bed, or before we go tonight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, done.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Don't let the time pressure block things, I mean, I…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If there is… Stuff you want to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Completely.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm opening the door, if you want to do it. We can do it quickly.
David S. Kong: 12 or something.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: If not, that's okay, Tim.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man, I got a… I got a spoon.
Kate Sackton: I want a long rest, that's what I want to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, yeah.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You wake.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Hearing the clock chime…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whatever the appropriate number of hours are for a long rest, but still before dawn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know, 6, maybe?
Mike Sackton: 5? Yeah, 6 in the morning.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And oddly, in your rooms, you hear it chiming, and it wakes you up at that time, which must be some sort of a magical effect of some kind. There's a tap on the door, and
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The, the faithful servant, comes to collect each of you, and Alden leaves you down.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): First, to the ground floor.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And then, below the ground floor, into the basement.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: The basement itself is enormous. It's high-ceilinged.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's the same footprint as the house.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The foundations of the walls above you spread out wider, so there are these sort of massive stone pillars that the house is resting on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And the stone foundation underfoot.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There are the remains of… I mean.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Anything and everything, long moldered and turned to dust.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Wooden beams that still seem in good shape, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wrought metal, and spare parts, and a workshop in one corner, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All the sorts of things that you would expect to find in the massive basement of an old, old manor house, but decrepit and crumbling.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): From his.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: pocket, Alden takes out… another key. He had used one to unlock the door down to the basement.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Takes out a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Another one, a smaller one.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What seems to be gold, maybe even gold that's glowing, And…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Unlocks a door in the far back corner of the basement.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: This door opens.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: To… a stone…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Staircase that goes downwards, and the walls are a rough-hewn stone.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It's clear, even with a casual inspection, that this is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is clearly, like, an add-on. This is not the same architect who built the rest of the house. This is…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: rougher, it looks amateur, almost. Basic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The ceiling is low.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And you go down this flight of stairs, down and down below the basement.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: To something lower down.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Tim, I'm sending you our last background for the evening.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As you come out at the bottom of the stairs, into a dirt…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Seller? A dirt sub-seller? A root seller?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With light glowing from a single candle hanging from the ceiling.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: All around you, the walls of the cellar are covered in roots, large and small, some of them massive, some tiny.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And there's… an open…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hidden door.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: that… Lord Hulda stands next to.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Gesturing.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: This… Is… it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You go through, it gets dark, just when you can't see the light of the candle behind you, then you'll see the light of the candle in front of you.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Come out the other side.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll be here… I keep this open…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll make sure nothing happens on this end. You take care of business on that end.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let me know what happens.
Mike Sackton: That's the first thing we see when we come out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You'll, you'll be in another room surrounded by roots, then you go up, up and out and onto the road.
Eric Rosenbaum: What did you mean about making sure nothing happens on this end? What could possibly happen?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, I mean, obviously I don't expect anything to happen, but…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll make sure of it, he pats his sword.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not like I have other visitors.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fair.
David S. Kong: Alright.
David S. Kong: Let's go.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: What could go wrong?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The passageway behind the door is… small.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe 3 feet in diameter?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you have to crawl through it on hands and knees. You all fit comfortably, it's just… uncomfortable.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What order are you in?
Kate Sackton: I'll go first.
Mike Sackton: I'll go second.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll go next.
Tim Sackton: You wanna go?
David S. Kong: Whoa…
Tim Sackton: blast.
David S. Kong: Wait, what did… you're a druid, right?
Tim Sackton: I can go last.
David S. Kong: Okay, that's fine.
Tim Sackton: We are lost.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good luck.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: He says.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You inch your way… Foot by foot, down the tunnel.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You realize after… a little ways…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: you're not actually crawling on dirt. It feels like the… Tunnel itself is… Is wood, maybe?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Actually, anyone who wants to, give me a… give me a… investigation.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Natural 20.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: 22.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Awesome.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You realize… What you're crawling through?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Although the way it's laid out in the background here slightly obscures it?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You're crawling through the center of an enormous route.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Like, you're not crawling across roots, you're crawling down the middle of some kind of un…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): fathomably large tree root, maybe with… I mean, who knows how big the diameter is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But you're calling…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Coming down through this crack in the center of it.
David S. Kong: That's…
Audio shared by David S. Kong: So, normal.
David S. Kong: Probably at the center of the roof.
Kate Sackton: Isolom and phloems?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I know, but is it, like, nutrients? Are we nutrients?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, it's dry, it's bone dry.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Like that.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): bone dry.
Mike Sackton: Like, finalized.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Like vampires, did you say?
Mike Sackton: Is that, like, a bone?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I'm out.
Mike Sackton: Bones in your human body are not that dry, it's only dead bones.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: instead of dry.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, everybody, your bones are wet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Everybody be cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Definitely cool.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If this was a bone, we would be wet right now.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You crawl further and further, and the scant light behind you dwindles.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna summon.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna summon a light, too. I'm not… This darkness thing.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yeah, why… just before… The light dwindles entirely.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And I'm gonna say in the moment, as you're in the process of casting the spell.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You hear the door close behind you.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: And in that same moment, Tarek, you realize the thing about the contract that you didn't quite get in the moment, but now…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Comes together for you.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Unambiguously, unquestionably, That document was 400 years old.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It was not a forgery, it was not a fake.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: It was written… in power.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Perfectly contemporary sambarin.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh… So there's just something that doesn't add up here.
Kate Sackton: Environment, time travel.
Tim Sackton: Why didn't he take it to the Philosopher's Guild? I mean, come on.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: What's with this guy?
Mike Sackton: Did you just hear the door closed?
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Guys, there's something that doesn't add up here.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I told you.
Mike Sackton: Heyo!
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You said it would all be okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe it will.
Mike Sackton: Yay!
Audio shared by David S. Kong: I mean, we still don't know what's gonna happen yet. This is all still great.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Is the, did the light behind… has that gone away?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: Yep.
David S. Kong: Is there a light in front of us?
Audio shared by David S. Kong: You can't… if there is, you can't see it over the light that you've just cast.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I think that's where we're gonna leave it for tonight.
Audio shared by David S. Kong: With the five of you inching your way through a tunnel, the way behind you shut.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that's where we'll pick.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good luck next time.
Mike Sackton: Good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you, Schwartz.
David S. Kong: That was epic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And that's really fun.